Sue Kay of Hawke's Bay, New Zealand writes: "I wish to thank all the kind people who helped my husband and me find our way from the airport to our hotel in the Sydney CBD. My husband is 90, and I'm 74 but, despite making ourselves known to our guide at the airport on arrival, we were left behind! We didn't know how to get to our hotel as we had the transfer organised. We must have asked at least six different people how to get to the Furama and everybody was so helpful and even helped us with our luggage. Sydneysiders may be big-city slickers but they have a small-town kindness!"
Some folks really do deserve a badge of honour for their pedantry (C8). Veronica Coyne of Springfield claims that "when bemoaning the loss of the express lane at Woolies "12 items or less," a friend told me she'd never used it on principle as it should have been "12 items or fewer.""
"Talk of badges reminds of the famous one from the 1960s-70s," says Merran Loewenthal of Birchgrove. ""It Begins When You Sink in His Arms and Ends with Your Arms in His Sink."" Jonty Grinter of Katoomba has one that reads "Chronically Advantaged" and adds that "it should be standard issue for all over seventy."
As we haven't heard from Tony Nicod of Collaroy for nine months, one could consider this offering as a radical re-entry: "Finally the kids are back at school. No more grommets in the water taking waves off us retirees who like to surf "gentlemen's hours" from 8am."
Readers will take a shine to this item from Janice Creenaune of Austinmer: "Thanks for the wonderful memories Hendrik Kolenberg (C8). I kept my father's beautifully constructed wooden valet box. It remains filled with old Kiwi polish and brushes (some admittedly a little dried). He brushed my shoes every day of my school life to a high shine as he always thought it a sign of character. (My husband and I did maintain the task with our own children.) And the valet box remains well stocked, albeit sometimes with those little sponge squeeze bottles as well."
Peter Miniutti of Ashbury identifies the utility value in buying the good stuff: "Before the advent of the Internet, I'm sure I once used the sturdy turnkey from a tin of Kiwi shoe polish to open a tin of spam."
2 sectors lead the market. Broadcom may have another custom chip partner
Every weekday, the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer releases the Homestretch - an actionable afternoon update, just in time for the last hour of trading on Wall Street. Market moves: Stocks were higher to start the new week, with the Dow, the S&P 500, and the Nasdaq shrugging off the trade and tariff headlines that caused weakness on Wall Street last week. Energy was the top-performing sector Monday, thanks to gains in oil and natural gas prices. Our lone oil and nat gas name, Coterra Energy, was jumping roughly 3.8%. Tech, however, was the main driver of the overall market gains due to the strength in the Magnificent Seven stocks. The Club owns six of them: Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The seventh Mag 7 stock is Tesla. The only two sectors sitting out Monday's rally were health care and financials. Both sectors are among the top gainers so far this year but have come under pressure in February. All three of our financial positions - Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and BlackRock - are presenting at conferences on Tuesday. So, we'll hear the latest from each of them.
Broadcom: One of Broadcom 's new custom AI chip partnerships is coming into focus. Reuters reported Monday that ChatGPT creator OpenAI is finalizing the design for its first in-house chip. The story suggests the chip is in the later stages and could begin to be mass-produced later this year. Taiwan Semiconductor is the fab that will manufacture this new custom chip, but the story says the chip was designed by OpenAI's in-house team in collaboration with Broadcom. The Hock Tan-led Broadcom currently has three custom AI chip customers, and those clients are widely believed to be Alphabet and Meta - and most recently, ByteDance, the Chinese owner of TikTok. When Broadcom last reported earnings in December, one of the reasons why the stock soared almost 25% was Tan's reveal that the company was in advanced AI chip development with two additional hyperscalers. Based on previous media reports, OpenAI and Apple are believed to be those two customers. Microsoft is a financial backer and partner of OpenAI. On Broadcom's December earnings call, Tan estimated the company's service addressable market (SAM) for its AI business, which includes sales of both custom and networking chips, was $60 billion to $90 billion. That bullish target did not include custom silicon sales from these two new customers. If all the reporting is true, having a fourth AI chip customer in production is great news for Broadcom's ability to capture this large SAM. Broadcom shares jumped 4.5% on Monday. But they were still below their Jan. 24 close before Chinese startup DeepSeek went viral with claims of a cheaper AI model that slammed chip stocks.
Up next: It's a quieter week of earnings. Some companies reporting after the closing bell Monday are Vertex Pharmaceutical, Lattice Semiconductor, and Astera Labs. Before the opening bell on Tuesday, Coca-Cola, Marriott, Humana, and Club name DuPont report quarterly resuts. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade.
Meghan's rebranded herself - and it's another valiant attempt to flog poshness to the little people
In these days of darkness we must take delight where we can find it, and one reliable source is the Duchess of Sussex. In her latest venture, Meghan, who occupies the tricky position of having a large platform and not enough to fill it (see also: Brooklyn Beckham), launched a new lifestyle brand that, she promised in a short video, would be "beautifully weaving together everything I cherish - food, gardening, entertaining, thoughtful living and finding joy in the everyday." The brand American Riviera Orchard is dead. Long live the new brand, As Ever.
The duchess and her husband, Prince Harry, have to do something and good luck to them, but it's hard not to study the rollout of As Ever for signs of the widening gap between Meghan's self-image and how the rest of the world sees her. ""As ever,"" writes the duchess on Instagram, "means "as it's always been" or some even say "in the same way as always,"" the "some" in this sentence apparently referring to the dictionary definition of a two-word phrase that no one has ever had trouble understanding.
It's ridiculous, of course, as is the hello-little-people tone adopted by the former royal highness, in keeping with the general attitude of the famous towards the unfamous - namely, one of stating the bleeding obvious as though sharing the key to existence. Still, I find myself sympathising with Meghan, who in her Instagram post and its accompanying video faces the stark challenge of having to pad out thin material. "This is what I do," she says to camera, "and I haven't been able to share it with you for the past few years, but now I can." What is the "it" here, and what has stopped her from sharing it? (It may involve jam, as did her previous brand, which she launched by sending "limited edition" jars of preserve to, among others, Kris Jenner, Mindy Kaling and Tracee Ellis Ross, who apparently also got a fresh bag of lemons.) Anyway, whatever the content, she hints darkly at some "whispers" abroad that forced her to jump the gun and share news of As Ever before she was ready - because "I wanted you to hear it from me first."
The fact there is no story here makes Meghan's insistence that she is getting in front of the story all the more enjoyable, but the more curious aspect of the announcement is the "you" to whom she refers and the idea she clearly has of her audience. The celebrity lifestyle space is crowded, ferocious and notoriously fickle, littered with the carcasses of former brand leaders such as Chrissy Teigen. Target and Bloomingdales distanced themselves from the star around the same time as she was accused of, and later apologised for, cyberbullying a woman called Courtney. The space is also dominated by market leaders such as Gwyneth Paltrow and Rachel Zoe.
Meghan is a minnow in these waters, but of course has her own secret weapon she isn't shy about using. In the new video, she deploys good old Harry to hold up the cameraphone and drop a few posh tones - "Is this thing on?" - to remind us that, even if As Ever isn't royal, exactly, it is at least royal adjacent. The new name is clearly a reach for something classier and more timeless than its predecessor, American Riviera Orchard, which sounded like a range of scented gift baskets you'd find at a discount shopping outlet, or the pair's charity arm, Archewell, a play on their son's name. Both brands have an aspirant lower middle-class vibe about them, which it would be rude to point out were it not for the fact that Harry and Meghan trade on class as part of their branding.
What they are selling isn't poshness itself, which strictly speaking should entail low-comfort, hole-in-the-elbows, bad cooking and draughty houses, but - much like Trump and his performance of "billionaire" - a kind of ersatz poshness they imagine might appeal to the peasants. It's a hard one to get right and, with the new brand name, Meghan seems to have changed course in the direction of, say, a Calvin Klein perfume or something a bit more abstract and upmarket. Although for my money she was on to more of a winner with the obscure and personalised brand name The Tig, her first attempt at lifestyle content that had to be shelved when she started dating Harry. As she explained at the time, The Tig was derived from an abbreviation of her favourite wine, tignanello, and had about it the confidence of something genuinely felt rather than a brand name that has been kicked through a comms team.
Which brings us to the duchess's understanding of audience. Discounting the forfeiture of sympathy that comes with money and privilege, there is something akin to pathos in the video that I find painful to watch. Meghan's aw-shucks, I-know-you-love-me tone assumes not only goodwill but abject fandom on the part of an audience which, I suspect, is at least 50% made up of those who regard her not only critically but with downright derision. It is hard to witness. "Sending lots of love," she signs off with noblesse oblige and an almost charming dedication to what she imagines we think of her.
