The EU summit debated refugee policy, EU officials: receiving process bottleneck-new networks
The EU summit is quarreling for refugee policy, EU officials: every step has a bottleneck
On 10 February, the European Commission chairman von Delean said the EU leader agreed to make a more stricter policy on the issue of illegal immigrants to expulse illegal immigrants.
The European Union has reportedly responded to the growing illicit migrant problem in Europe, which is now the core problem of the EU is that the number of illegal immigrants who are eventually repatriated.
According to the summit document, the EU leaders appeal to the Commission to “to immediately mobilize a large number of EU funds” to strengthen external boundaries such as infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the European Union has quarreled with the siege fees on the siege fee.
The European Union's funds will not pay the relevant expenses.
But foreign officials of some member states say, if the EU can share a camera on the external boundary along the external boundaries, look at Tatar and other infrastructure, it will accelerate the construction of the country's budget.
European Euractiv website says EU officials acknowledge that each step has a bottleneck, limited receiving capacity and a member of state-owned immigrant authorities cannot prevent refugees from being submitted to the European Union in nearly “ permanent crises” in the European Union.
According to the European Commission, the EU’s saving state received over 92,000 asylum applications last year and nearly half a year earlier.
At the same time, the EU recorded a total of 33,000 illegal entry last year.
In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on the principle of "Principle" that the European Union may, in accordance with the other member states, legislatures of illegal immigrants to return to the country.
Moreover, the EU’s leaders also agreed to “advancing the use of the concept of security,” which would create a common list for the EU.
(Project: Owry)
United States upgrade "chip war" reintegrated the global semiconductor industry - New net
Recently, the US has an upgrade to China’s “chip” war in the United States, the Netherlands, Japan and the United States, agreed to launch a control on the export of Chinese semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the United States, and that the US government is considering all links between the US suppliers and China as a company, prohibited to provide any products to China; Biden has also prepared to publish a administrative order to restrictions on the US administration order to restrictions on sensitive technology.
In recent years, the United States has never suspended its efforts to combat the development of China’s “chip” development, and a semiconductor link to the Chinese semiconductor supply chain, creating a semiconductor industry link with a view to a complete "dumping" in advanced semiconductor industry.
In any case, South Korea is establishing a "tech alliance" or establishing a chip with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan region, or a mechanism for semiconductor links such as the four-party economic frameworks of the USA, or by using a semiconductor link in Australia, the United States to introduce a semiconductor industry through a politicalization, battalization, pluralization, pluralization, weaponization, and to build a curbricular industry in its main link lining chipricketin industry.
However, the US flag drumbles the Chinese "chip tactic" as well as a dozen of dozens of casualties.
Recently, U. S. chip manufacturers have announced that the latest wheel was affected by the exports of Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, a group would hire 1300 full-time employees in the next two quarters and plans to hire 1400 temporary employees in the future.
The global optical giant Amasco-controlled company has recently warned that the exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China may lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
The US government has deeply affected many US companies, including electronic design, chip designer, chip manufacturers, chip manufacturers, chip manufacturers, chip manufacturers and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States is so-called pressing China's advanced semiconductor industry, but dragging water from the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high technology and knowledge-intensive industry, and has formed a close global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professionals estimate, based on professionalization, the entire production process of semiconductor products requires crossing more than 70 times over the borders of all countries and reached 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry is strong, it is particularly weak in manufacturing, relying heavily on East Asia.
Even if the US polarizes its advanced chip supply chain to the United States, the global semiconductor correlation distribution and mutual reliance is difficult to change.
The United States strongly remolded the semiconductor industry chain of China and became a global semiconductor industry.
The chip is the core of the global future industry, and the development of chip industry is not a common part of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has adopted a series of single-sided actions in the United States, using the chip and science Act of 2022, strengthening its leading advantage in technology, consolidated its own technology, and induced the Intel, Talt, Table, a chip manufacturer to build a US chip factory in the chips in the chip field of chips in the United States.
In the short term, the US has made trouble for China’s chip industry and related industries.
But a long run, the US shrinkled China's chip industry, forcing China’s chip industry to lose its huge Chinese market, ultimately weakening the innovative and innovative capabilities of the US-tech firms, injuring the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Joe
The first batch of individual pension property sale is only 360 days - a new network
The first batch of individual pension property sells
7 of the family organs may only hold 360 days
Personal pension property finally reached the line.
On 10 February, China's financial net issued a list of the first batchs of personal pension property, and seven personal pensionable property products were officially sold.
Since then, the "savings" of individual pension accounts finally set up a pension saving, personal pension savings, personal pension insurance, personal pension pension insurance, and a private pension fund for four products.
According to the introduction of the first batch of individual pension property, all of the net open products for the public, the new product is 5, the renewed product 2, except one product is a mixed product, and the remaining 6 products are owned for fixed income products.
The Beijing Youth Journalists saw that only 4 of the new products came from a fixed income product, and the shortest holder was 365 days, 540 days, 720 and 1080 days respectively (3.70% - 4.20 %, 4.10 per cent, 4.60%, 4.60%, 4.60%, 4.60%, 4.90%, and 4.90%.
The rest of a new product is the shortest holding of 1095 days of mail and silver wealth, and is also a fixed-off product, which began to raise the ranks of 19 February.
In two consecutive products, a renminbi-technology and innovative currency of the renminbi is a mixture of the property of the renminbi and the property of the currency, and the risk level is divided into three levels.
Another renewable product was the shortest holding of 365 days of the mail, a fixed-off type, which began on December 30, 2008, officially operating on 4 January, and net net worth 8,0011 on February 8, 2008.
According to the Secretary for the State Council, the financial products funded by individual pension funds may include banking finance, savings deposits, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance funds, and the public fund.
The first batch of individual pension property products are sold, marking a personal pension investor in a private pension account for the purchase of the property of the property.
Last November, the bank and the financial company enacted a provisional approach to the management of the pension business of the commercial bank and financial company.
In accordance with the Measures, the participants may purchase a pensionable saving, personal pension property, personal pension insurance products, personal pension insurance products, individual pension insurance products, and other pension funds for pension funds.
Then, the Ministry of Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, the National Tax Administration, issued a notice of the three departments of the Ministry of Finance, explicit personal pension system in Beijing, Tianjin, as well as the 36 pioneer cities and regions in the city of Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, the number of pensions participated in the total number of 1954,313,000 paid for the total amount of $142 million.
Since then, a bank engaged in interviewing has only three kinds of products for personal savings, personal pension insurance products and individual pension pension funds.
Now, how should investors choose after a personal pension property?
According to experts from the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Commerce, the research of silver and silver-sized property has three characteristics compared to other individual pension products in the test stage.
It is a steadily healthy, risk management mechanism, more steadily, investment strategies and ideas, and implements the third-party independent tube of the non-maternal Party.
Secondly, the time limit for pension property in the trial stage is five and more than five years and the next step is issued by individual pensionable property, the shortest holder of the three-year principle, encourages held more than three years.
Third, the product purchases the threshold below the threshold, typically 1 yuan, low to 0.01 yuan, with low low to 0.01 yuan, the fee of the product is more preferential than the fee of the tuition, management fee.
Professionals noted that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their risk-bearing capacity.
Personal pension savings have a long time limit, higher interest rates and high safety characteristics, suitable for the risk-bearing capacity; personal pension insurance products are relatively unable to afford investment risks, and the personal pension property and the public funds are not able to accept the benefits of stable earnings, but a high risk is expected to be suitable for a certain amount of investment, a high risk of investment, and a higher risk of investment.
Wen/People Reporter / Point Point
The gym industry should get away from the confidence crisis-new net
And a large gymnastic house?
In recent days, a well-being member of a health-bearing body has caused social attention.
After the Spring Festival, a number of members found that they had no normal business in the gate, subsequently caused a panic in the closure of the agency, leading to the public security, social sector.
Finally, the relevant organs responded to a commitment to ensure legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the waves were able to calm.
A partial store in a personal health agency appeared, temporarily shut down, consumers are able to resolve the problems and wait for the first response to a number of members?
After a fitness club member of the Window Broadcast, it is the deepest problem in the industry's trust crisis.
Traditional fees are generally adopted in the country's traditional fitness premises, a "fee-paying mode" is the bottom logic of its development.
By receiving cash flows in the presidency, a new store appears to be able to recycle, a real appetite could not form a stable profit model.
The fitness of a gymnastic lane has a huge impact on consumer confidence.
From the outlook of the market, it's certainly a good business for a "saving" .
Although the fitness began, it was always focused on capital.
Multiple data show that the heat in the field of the genus consumption is rising, and the market continued to warm.
Specifically, healthy life is steadily steadily improved, and healthy life concept is deep in the heart of the health industry.
The more the situation is becoming better, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are optimistic about the health-care market after consumption recovery, and have just gone out of the crisis, and the angle of Xinjiang Tin, putting a new store into a new store.
It is not denying that the pandemic has been affected by a number of institutions, relaundering the brands of industry, with a self-powered enterprise, taking advantage of purchasing power, rehabilitation, without a new opportunity.
But the development of a health-market market is trying to enter a favorable cycle, a steadily prosperous humilia, the industry must change traditional patterns and change the business strategy.
Only steady steady and renewed the confidence and security of consumers can truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to build new shops robbing for the market, the health industry is more needed to optimize service with high quality development to steady users.
First, stay in the service.
The fitness room belongs to the service industry, and its essence is to insist on the user's guide, and tighten the user's needs to put the operating heart upgrade on the service tip.
Second, it is necessary to improve user experience by digital transformation.
For example, when a popular Internet fitness model, the user is chosen by paying fees and location.
Meanwhile, the physical data, sports data can be used effectively and can meet social demands and fulfill the closure of services from the line to the line.
There is no private prosecution, no huge cata, the user's fear to the gymnatic body is reduced and confidence is promoted.
In addition, there is also a positive exploration of the plural industry.
Today, sport consumption has come from a single service to the scene, and the fitness club is expected to become a new intake, or a new profit or a new profit for consumers.
Jiang Zhuong
Buy your deficient price!
Nanjing Municipality of Nanjing
During a interview with a reporter/Volet News journalist, a dozen years ago, a 'profit agreement' returned to the city of Nanjing, a discount in the city of Jiangxi, a discount in the former premises, a discount for buying houses and renewed home prices.
There are a lot of conditions for a "pricing agreement"
The house was located in the New District of Jiangxi, where Mr Sun told reporters that he had discovered a statement on the weekend hanging.
He issued a reporter on a picture of the reporter's developers pledged to buy the property from 1 February to 28 February, which was signed on the date of the purchase of the premises during the date of the sale of the licence of the premises, which was listed in the same estate as the same premises, the same premises, the same premises, the same premises, the same estate estate belonged to the same premises, the same premises, the same premises and the same premises.
Mr. Sun said the Housing Consultant stated that it was a "bailout agreement" aimed at putting the buyer out of the price, not worried about the exploitation of the enterprise, "when it bought it a price, it's not a time to sell the stairs.
There are also a lot of buying householders argue that the "pricing agreement" is eating pills for the buyer, but the condition is not low.
According to Ms. Zheng, buying a set of premises in Jiangjiang, the price of a house is first to be the same as the same as the same building, and the same unit, the buyer may have a small source of a price, so the threshold is a saving.
There are also buying householders argue that it is difficult to exclude additional profits during the sale of information.
Could you stay in the buyer to observe
The reporter enquiries on the real estate of Nanjing, a total of 252 stores in the first two floors in November last year, with a 105 square metres, 114 square metres, 129 square meters and 129 square metres (398 yuan yuan).
In the past two months, the net real estate displayed a total of 157 sets on the floor, 62.3 percent of the total of 128 casualties, with a total of 113,74 stores in 124, and 44 copies in 124 stores were not sold, compared to 13%.
In 2008, the marketer introduced a "pricing agreement" appeared in Nanjing.
In August, the Housing Authority launched a 'People' commitment to attract a buyer's eyeball in the river Yellow Hill Road, a detailed contents of the company' commitment, thus the difference in the company will be returned to the old managing.
In April 2011, Nanjing also 9 houses in South Korea pledged a portion of the housing source pledged to "savings" .
"When the building is warm, it needs a need to be a strong dose.
' Mr. Shen, a senior gymnature industry in Nanjing, said the "pricing agreement" is one of the marketing methods for the premises.
He argues that the development of enterprises is more confident than the buyer is to launch a "pricing agreement" is actually a staggering.
As a result, he stated that this depends on the influence of the multi-weight factors such as the regulation of policy, the threshold of lending is still observed.
Multi-second data recession Taiwanese economy showed no good - new net
On 11 February 2009, a reporter Zhao Boo, Huang Jian, China's export trade quota (PMI) continues to shrink a seven-month consecutive month (PMI) and a consumer price index (CPI) to see "3 words" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Expert analysts believe that the Taiwan economy is owing to a year and growth is not small.
According to the Ministry of Finance Affairs, the Taiwan region exports $315.1bn in January this year, reducing 21.2 per cent in the last five months.
The exports of 11 major exporters compared to the same period last year.
The rubber and its products, the optical appliance dropped the deepest, 37.6% and 35.7 per cent respectively.
The electronic components exported 20.1 per cent, and the largest reduction in 11 years in 11 years.
Among them, a total of 18.3 per cent of the electrical road was reduced in 18.3 per cent, and a largest decline in 14 years.
The department's statistics Department said the weakness of consumption electronic industry demand proliferation, and electronic industry enters the amendment period.
The statistics showed that the import and export of Taiwan in January showed a total of $23.4 billion, and the lowest level in recent three years.
The competent authorities of the Taipei Administration argues that the global terminal demand is reduced, the industrial restructuring inventor wishes to suppress the mergers and the short-term difficulty of improving the shortage of exports in Taiwan this year is higher than expected in the first season.
According to the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, the procurement manager in Taiwan was 40.4 per cent after the savings of the Taiwanese manufacturing industry in January this year, and a 7-month closing of 3.3 percentage points in December last year.
In the economic monitoring indicators, PMI is 50% of the glorious line, compared to 50 per cent, representing the expansion of the landscape, and a tightening.
In a new order, production and manpower hiring, the supplier dropped the time of delivery, and the savings are tightened.
The total return of PMI in the six largest industry is a steady rate of electric and mechanical equipment (35.1%), electronic and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and technician industry (39.2%), basic materials industry (42.4%) and 42.6% of the food and textile industry (45.7%).
On the price, the Taiwanese CPI annual rate was 3.04% in January this year, and a repulsion of 33% since July last year.
The price of vegetables rose 28.25%, a 17-month high.
Cao Cao Zhong, a special member of the "General General" specialist, has a surge in crossing the Spring Festival, excluding the annual CPI in January and February this year's average CPI should be close to 2.7 per cent in December, and inflation is still at high point.
Experts say pessimism in Taiwan's economy this year, combined with Yahoo Financial and Economics in Taiwan this year, experts say pessimism.
In analyzing the "United University" economic department, Wu's economic savings may cause a cash flow in export manufacturing manufacturers, and debt defaults rising risks.
Meanwhile, the order reduces the cost of workers to reduce the cost of workers, affecting the labour market and the family economy, reversely shocking consumption capacity.
The Taiwan Economic Research Institute, a member of the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, argues that the European Union’s inflation situation was unconscious, demand continued to shrink, and predicted that the exports of Taiwan will continue to be extended to the first half of the year.
Because Taiwan's economy is relying on export support, exports are affected, the annual economic performance of the year will last year.
"Northic Engineering of Global Rehabilitation" - New Web
China's economy has shown strong resilience in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The recent market expects that the international community has generally seen China's future development.
The Spanish prominent Chinese expert, Chinese policy observance net adviser Hurio Rio, told reporters that the current China pandemic control into the new stage will be further released.
Rios said China was sinking in a variety of supercontinent factors, reflecting its economic resilience and management levels.
China is firmly unable to expand its openness, and the internal power of economic development has continued to strengthen, and the development of state-owned enterprises and civil-sector enterprises.
Each year the Chinese National People's Congress held a meeting of the National People's Republic of China and the representatives of the members of the People's Republic of China held a great deal of commension, a broad consensus, cohesion and condense wisdom, and a strong force for the development of China.
Since the reform and opening-up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and has now entered the high quality development stage.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and Chinese plan to develop new opportunities for the world.
Rios said the current China is trying to promote technology innovation in the economy, injecting a new power in economic and social development, “funding, talented culture, policy incentives,” Mr Rios says, China has continued to be dynamic in the new five-year plan.
In Rios, the economic system reform is a hard task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has both played a market economy and played the advantages of the socialist system and takes active initiative to stabilize the economy.
The strategic base of expanding internal needs, raising the strength of the financial support of the entities economy, supports the development of civil, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing, adheres to the development of innovative development, promoting employment, improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and satisfying the multi-level diversification needs of the people in China . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
This year it was proposed for a 10th anniversary.
鈥淭he post-quarantine economy is a common goal of the international community.
China’s economic potential will continue to release more favorable to the world and become an important engine of global recovery.
Rios said it was expected to continue to play an important role in improving the infrastructure level of all countries and to strengthen mutual interconnection in all fields, and continued to release more motivated energy.
(Madelley Elect)
(General Reporter)
Report: The number of students in return to the country in 2022 renovation of the new net
2022 Before returning to the country, he returned to the country for 10 grams : Report of the 2022 China Sea Response Employment Survey
According to the 2022 China Sea Resident Inquiry Report on 11 February 2008, a report revealed that the number of students in 2022 should be increased by 8.6% in 2022, and the number of reinnance students in China has also been raised on the demand for overseas talents.
Since 2020, the quantity of maritime claims in China has increased significantly since 2020, and the number of students seeking abroad has increased.
In contrast to 2021, the number of students should be increased by 8.6% in 2022.
The UK accounted for 41.4 per cent, compared with Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%) in 2021.
The number of students from Malaysia, Japan, Japan, Singapore in 2022 rose to 66.1 per cent, 50.9% and 37.7 per cent.
The number of students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia dropped.
In the first week after the Spring Festival, the first week of 2023 returned to the talented personnel supply was derived: '2022 China Resident Employment Survey Report
According to the study, 85 per cent decided to return to the country, compared to 40 per cent, decided to return to the country by more recognized domestic cultural environment, 32% thought that “internal employment opportunities” would be accelerated and achieved more employment opportunities for domestic economic activities.
The data showed that the demand for overseas Chinese enterprises in the current country has a rising trend in demand for Haiti.
The first week after the spring of 2023, the number of posts in Haiti and the number of maritime residues in domestic demand were raised, and 11 percent of the maritime priorities grew by 28 January, 28%, compared to 28 January.
The number of posts from education/ training industry in 2022 accounted for 27.8 percent of the number of posts from education/ training professions in 2022, and the first place in professional services/sulting, internet/electronic business sector was 14.3%, 11.1 percent.
In recent years, the variation of the number of maritime residences in the country: Report of the 2022 China Sea Resident Establishment Report
In the meantime, the average recruitment paid for a salaries took over three years and reached 14680 yuan (Manuan, 2022), compared with 137 yuan ($961 yuan in 2021) and grew 7%.
According to the geographical location, the intention of returning to a new line of cities, two-line cities and three-line cities and the following cities and the following cities were promoted, compared to 31%, 15.7% and 14.3 per cent respectively in 2021.
52.7 percent of the sea returned to the school were basically expected, compared to 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year.
28.2% of the sea returned to a higher or beyond expectations, compared to 25.4 per cent in 2021.
( finish)
More than half of the expenses?
Integrated cavity cultivation of medical services in Henan Province - New net
CCTV news: planting teeth are ideal choices for many shortages of dental patients, but have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in a long time to make many people look forward.
Since this year, as the acceleration of the dental collection has been accelerated this year, it will also be able to grow dental prices for the day.
From 10 February, the total flow control target of a single conventional planting medical service in Henan Province was 4,300 yuan, and the total flow cost of a single conventional plant was not higher than 97% of the target.
The dental finger is based on the lower structure of the vegetation tissue to support the shortage of the dental rehabilitation of the dental rehabilitation body.
The reporter learned from the first attached hospital in Zhengzhou at the University of Zhengzhou from the University of Zhengzhou to a single conventional plant, from the last rehabilitation, probably about 60,000 yuan.
After a new policy, Dave told me that it was almost 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically half of the province.
On the basis of the current project, the province of Henan has also identified 15 cavity cultivation services for planting vegetation fees such as vegetation fee ( single ) and a uniform formula for public health institutions and medical care payment classes, cancelling or adjusting a 20-care price project for vegetation into a dental plant.
Mr. Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau, a leading pharmaceutical price and a currency currency, is a healthcare, a suppression of the hospital, which is less likely to increase; a market for the supplier is a market for us; the largest vegetable fees may be reduced to more than half a vegetable fee.
Shenzhen: To create a first and world leading a polite engaging city - New net
The new net was announced on 11 February, according to the New Telecommunications Public, Shenzhen Municipal Industrial and Information Bureau of Shenzhen, recently issued a plan for the construction of the city in Shenzhen.
In the end of 2023, it was proposed to build a high speed, high capacity, low width belt network, to realize the goal of a double mill, 1 millise, 1 millise seconds, a world leading to the first and leading cities of the world.
The plan proposed to speed up up to a thousand light net.
By the end of 2023, the 10G PON ports accounted for more than 100%, and the total optical industrial parks exceeded 100 homes.
The plan requires a comprehensive increase of 5G network efficiency.
The study formulated the quality standard of Shenzhen 5G network service standard and carried out 5G network testing assessment and promoted the quality of 5G network services.
Supporting the optimization of the basic telecommunications companies on the key areas, venue 5G networks, a total of 500Mbps, a total of 500Mbps, a total of 100Mbps, focusing on a load rate of 100Mbps, a high speed rate of 1000Mps, a network rate and a surge of users.
To create a high-quality wireless network at the city level.
The WLAN service specification for public places is formulated to promote the intensive and information consumption needs of all districts in the city, and provides a magnetic access capacity for thousands.
In addition, Too incorporated a certified regulatory platform for the construction of a public wireless net in the city, to realize a "one certification, communal, intelligent exchange" and supported the operating operators to have a social self-integration platform for public services.
By the end of 2023, it was upgraded to AP a total of 2,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes the construction of high-quality power network, building multi-level computing power supply system, accelerating key communication network construction and improving the Internet application capability.
The plan is clearly linked to the establishment of the Confederation System.
To explore the operating system based on the "People Hung" operating system, reducing the cost of reception, accelerating the construction of urban substance platform, promoting the urban cross-class network platform, various field net network network network networks and data interconnection.
In the area of urban management, civil service, public security, transportation, etc., expanding the urban road road, construction, public facilities, etc., and other sensing channels such as the smart net car.
By the end of 2023, a total of more than 900,000 copies of the electrical electrical grid during the end of 2023 was created.
The Plan also referred to the strengthening of the application of satellite communication and ground communication integration, low-space network infrastructure construction, promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks on the sea.
Meanwhile, promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks on the sea, building industrial innovation development ecological, support for the top-level events and activities.
(China New Finance)
China's electronic industry has streamlined the new variable, how can the goods be made to the "contents of the king"?
- New Network
On 11 February, the Chinese electronic industry streamed a new variable in China and how to bring the goods into the contents of the kingdom?
Chinese New Finance Journalist Shabin
"We are late, but we are beginning to realize that it is important to draw from thousands of millions of shops.
The "90" girl from Guangdong, now in a shaking electronic store, has a store of 30 years' stores on the line.
It is a new ear to imitate the image of a harbour, a classic Cantonese opera, open the @from a shivering account, and a beautiful video is a new ear.
In recent days, the trembling electronics held in a shaking electoral electronics adventure for sharing a special field, a fragrance represents the field as a good creator, and introduced daily experiences and bodies.
She took a lot of net friends on the scene, and many people were interested in my family, and wanted to be a merry, and the way opened.
" "
A fragrance on the soup video allows more people to love a "good flavor" , a more than 30,000 copies of food, saved the old shop in the home.
"No, no electrical commerce" , as short videos and direct broadcasters continue to develop, the requirements and standards for electrical content are being entered into the new stage.
In the early stage of the development of a tropical cargo, a low price discount appears to be the only sell point in the time.
In recent years, there have been a macro, electoral screening of macro, eastern participants and a large number of non-governed people and merchants who have been known in vertical districts in recent years.
In the past year, a total of 252 percent of the contents produced by a trembling telecommunications writer in the past year rose more than double the amount.
'We can feel a booming growth and a life-powered author.
' said the goasai.
The ECHI report issued a report on the ECHI on the future media platform, which analyzed the importance of "new variable" in the current electronic industry, using the index to evaluate the eco-eco-seconding conditions of the domestic 27 mainstream electronics electronic commerce platform.
According to the above report, the eco-health index ranked the eco-health index, shaking electronics, fast-hankers, baoos, spelling more than five in Tokyo.
The report argues that the contents of the electronic industry are a comprehensive concept of eco-technology, but not all content can be integrated with electronics, a good PGC (UGC) and UGC (as users' original content) is a merger load with the electronic content, the contents of the contents of the contents of the electronics, the contents of the contents of the electronics, the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the electronics and the contents of the electronics are more abundant, and more abundant, and more abundant, and electronelectronics of the cultivation of the electronics of the content of the content content content content content content content content content content content content content content, and cultivation, and cultivation, and cultivation, and cultivation, and cultivation,
On the scene, a professor at the University of Beijing, a Chinese media economy and a specialized committee of the People's Republic of China has made an analysis of the report.
In terms of content value, the current electronic industry has shifted from a "sumable and sexual" to the "sensitive quality" phase of the "suming quality" phase, the quality, professional and variation of the contents of the electronic industry is the "harbor goods" of the electronic industry.
Meanwhile, the content became the fundamental and grasp of the development of electronic commerce, with knowledge paid, professional knowledge, KOL (PGC contents) and other PGC contents began to be marked in telecommunications.
The future development of telecommunications industry and metaphor is proposed in two ways.
One is a view of the contents structure, promoting the ecology and quality of the electronic contents in the contents of the ecology and quality, creating the contents of the content and management standards, to realize the eco-health index and dynamic equilibrium of the eco-tech industry.
Another is to realize the healthy development of the contents industry and the value of the external environment.
"The future electronics industry needs more data, artificial intelligence to form a prediction of future development, providing more regulating, healthy growth space for merchants to achieve the value of the electronic industry, the value of the products and services of the electric industry.
"(No)
NATO Finance Exchange business starts next week - New Network
Last night, a reporter grandson issued yesterday, approved by the Beijing Securities Exchange, the Beijing Securities Exchange Exchange will be formally launched on 13 February, and the securities firm that has already been entrusted to the limits of the NATO lending transaction, which is entrusted to the lending trading stock exchanges in the North.
The first stock list of the first 56 is based on 31 January 2023.
The list of stock lists and charging securities lists of the NATO will be announced by the 'including the 'including- financing lending information' on the net' by the NATO.
Finance lending is an important basic system of the securities market, and is a mature trading mode in international securities markets.
Last September 2, last September, announced a weekly year in a cross-century campaign to open the views on financing lending business.
The launch of NATO lending transactions is an important step in promoting the construction of the northern market system and improving the trading mechanism and improving the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing lending system is helpful to enrich investors trading strategies to meet the demand for advancing investors, promoting market prices, and further increase market liquidity.
In the next step, the NATO will continue to do a variety of safeguards under the leadership of the ICRC, in order to investor needs to guide the enrichment trading system to enrich trade systems, improve the relevant sets mechanisms for creating a medium-sized enterprises in innovative services.
The sixteenth-century saving of environmental protection forum held in Beijing at the main forum and published a new net in Beijing
On 11 February, the Xinhua News Agency was held in Beijing with a combining integrated forum under the Sixteenth Central Day.
Members of the Central Political Bureau of China and the National Development Reform Commission shall attend the main Forum and publish the main speech.
He noted that this forum was an important step in promoting the cooperation of China-General Green Development, which was held in the implementation of the meeting of the Chan Jiang, the first Prime Minister of China and the Bank of Tin, and strengthened the China-day Green Development Cooperation.
China will fully implement its twenty-first spirits and speed up the development of green rotation, accelerate the development of the environment, strengthen the savings and savings of environmental pollution, and actively promote carbon savings and carbon savings in carbon savings and promoting carbon sewage, reducing green growth, promoting ecological priority, green-carbon development, saving and saving.
China is ready to continue to deepen the green-carbon industry cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and human communications and promote the development of the two countries' green development cooperation.
The Japanese Economic and Industry Secretary of Japan attended the main forum and published a major speech.
The Forum is jointly organised by the China National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce and the Japan Economic Industry, the Chinese Economic Association, including the main forum and energy improving, automotive motivated intelligentization, hydrogen energy, and the long-term trade for medium days.
The representative of the two governments, enterprises and institutions from China took a exchange.
China's rescue team has saved four new nets in Turkey, sustained rescue operations in Turkey
On 11 February, a new net was reported to be a Emergency Management Department website, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team sent three operations divisions and 45 rescuers to rescue 1 trapped personnel.
At the same time, two search evaluation groups were sent to assess the rankings of 15 buildings in Waldabash Street.
As of now, a total of 4 trapped persons searched for five victims of life signs and risk assessment of 25 buildings in a serious collapse.
The rescue team will continue to work in deep-depth in the field of disaster and rescue, according to the actual and field of disaster relief.
Rescue teams have conducted a variety of channels through the embassy, local governments, the United Nations Rescue Organization, a number of channels for rescue assistance through online enquiries and field searches.
In this paper, the Hong Kong Rescue Team introduced the current situation of rescue environment and construction collapse, jointly conducted search operations.
At present, a joint coordination with the Italian Rescue Team (SSC5) and a three-party team to participate in the Regional Rescue Coordination Centre in Italy, the United Kingdom, Selvia, Slovakia, Aman, informed the United Nations Rescue Rescue Rescue Works.
The rescue team continued to strengthen security management and team security management and safeguards in accordance with the principle of "ununified command, safety First" and strengthened the safety control of the field, and strengthened relief work discipline requirements, clear security concerns.
Sustainable operation of wheel logistics and post post office work system to strengthen the safety management of the camp area.
The rescue team healthcare provides a daily medical service for the team, and strengthens the health of the key personnel, and currently rescue teams are healthy and killing the camp area.
After the establishment of a camp, the logistics security team had constructed a total of 4,26 wild tents such as commanding communication, equipment, laundering, living accommodation, and dogs so as to ensure a 30-seat piece of rescue equipment.
Xinhua critics : Promoting Chinese modernization is a systematic project - a profound colleague in the study of the twenty-first psychology of the Party - a new network
The Xinhua Beijing electronic topic: Promoting Chinese modernization is a systematic engineering - a profound collar in the study of the twenty-first psychology of the Party
Xinhua critics
"To promote China-style modernization is a systematic project that requires complying, system planning, overall advance, correctly handles a series of major links in the design and practice, strategy and strategy, defensive and innovation, efficiency and fairness, self-defence and openness.
In the new Central Committee, the Secretary for Remember and the Ministry of Education and the Government of the Central Committee, the leading ministry of the Ministry of Socialism and the Party of China on the opening of the new era of Chinese characteristics and the Party of the Party, Xi Xi has held a great deal of a series of important relationships in the process of modernization, and provides a comprehensive approach to the Chinese modernization.
China's modernization involves various areas of economic, political, cultural, social and ecological civilization, and the various aspects of the Party's rule, the internal affairs of the Party, and the internal affairs of foreign affairs, as well as a system-building and reform innovation.
To carry out the top design, it is necessary to inspect the world's common aspirations of the world and to deepen the common aspirations of the people and to explore the rules of the economic and social development, so that the planning and policy system embodied the era, grasping the rule of law and creativity, to make a closer combining and coordination.
Promoting China’s modernization is a exploration of sex and a lot of unknown areas, and requires a bold exploration in practice, through reform innovation, to promote the development of the cause of a kark, to stop the rabbit.
Strategy is a fundamental question of political parties and a nation.
To promote China's modernization, we should strengthen the forward-looking strategy for the future, leading the future of science; to strengthen the strategy of the strategy, focus on solving the problem of losing the Party and state cause, taking a huge problem; strengthening strategic stability is a long time to adhere to a long, hunting, good, adventilation.
To grasp the unity of strategic and strategy, combine the principle of strategic and strategic flexibility, flexibility of flexible organism, random motivation, decisive, in geometric, gesture, motion, motion, motion, and a decisive initiative in the field.
The Chinese nationality is a innovative nation.
The relationship between guarding and innovation shall be kept in keeping with the Chinese modernization of China and its origin, root and soul, without shaking the Chinese characteristics, the essence requirements, the essence of the Chinese modernization, and the right direction of the Chinese modernization, and ensure innovation in the development of the country, in order to develop a prominent position in the development of the country, the era requires the development of a major theory and practice, a dynamic change in dynamic reform, and improving dynamic dynamic innovation.
Efficiency is an important basis of fairness, fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We will promote the modernization of China as well as creating more efficient than capitalism, and more effectively maintaining social fairness, better realization of efficiency and equitable compatibility and unity.
With good efficiency and equitable relations, the development of the people and the development of the people and the development of the people is shared by the people in order to make the modernization achievements more equitable and plenary people.
Promoting Chinese modernization needs to be treated with good dynamic and order, so the society is full of dynamic and dynamism.
To raise the development and safety of two major things, we should implement the overall national security system and improve the national security system and strengthen the national security capacity, maintain the national security, system security, ideological safety and key areas of the state.
In the development of more security factors, using the development of the national security force, the foundation of the development of the development of the development of a national security, and the establishment of a safe environment for economic and social development, continuously vigorous development and realization of high quality development and high level security.
To promote Chinese modernization, it is necessary to adhere to its own path, to expand the eyes of the world and to the openness of the outside world, and continuously expand its modernization and depth.
To adhere to independence, self-defence, insisting on the basis of the national and national development of its own power, stick to the fate of our progress in our country.
To continue to expand the high level of openness, deep participation in global industrial division and cooperation in the development of China-China modernization space, sharing opportunities for development opportunities and a good future in mutual benefit.
Thus, it can be far away.
Let us play a vigorous, constructive, constructive and creativity in a new era of socialism and socialism in Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi , and engaging the rules and guidelines of the Chinese characteristics of the Chinese characteristics of the Chinese characteristics of the new era, and make full full play a great deal of a series of major relationships in a comprehensive socialist modern country.
(German German Net) Biden administration will be listed in the black list of six Chinese entities participating in a spy spherical plan on Friday (10 February).
The U.S. Ministry of Commerce said the five Chinese companies and 1 research institutions help Chinese military modernization, particularly airline projects, including flying boats and aircraft.
Companies that are listed in black lists are hard to gain US technology export.
The list is referred to as entities list, unless a special export license for the US Ministry of Commerce, it will not be able to purchase technology or commodity in the US.
The company listed in the Black list is a company that is listed in the Black Sea Tech shares in Beijing, China's electronic technology group, CHAP Ltd., Dongguan Air Technology Co. Ltd. Ltd., Guangzhou Aerona Air Technology Co. Ltd. Ltd.
Before this, the White House expressed a view to considering a broader measure, “discloses and handling” that China threatens more mass surveillance activities in the United States.
The balloon triggered a further tension between the US and US Secretary of State Blinken to cancel China's journey.
On February 4, the US struck the balloon, and the Chinese government submitted a rigorous interference to the United States embassy in China and criticized the efforts and processes of the United States in stabilizing China-US relations.
The US government concluded that a manufacturer of the balloon has a direct relationship with the Chinese Liberation Army, and is a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Mainin said on Friday that a Chinese owned flyboat had been illustrated and illustrated by the United States, a Chinese spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the United States Congress were pure politically manipulated and fried.
The Chinese side is strongly dissatisfaction and resolute.
Matthew Axelrod, the US Department of Commerce, responsible for export law enforcement, said: “We have identified and prevented China’s use of spy balls, which have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
" "
According to a staff in Guangzhou, a Chinese-Hong Air Technology Co. Ltd., a staff said the sanctions were not informed and refused to comment further.
The embassy of China and the United States have not yet commented on these information.
(Reuters)
According to the 2023 German acoustic copyright, all of the content was protected by the copyright law, such as the German acoustic special authority, shall not be used.
Anyone who does not act will lead to reimbursement and is investigated by criminal traits.
(Germanic Chinese net) The earthquake in Turkey and Syria has occurred during the past few days, however, found the hope of the survivors in the past few days, although a five-saving rescuer was uncomfortable in Saturday.
According to the United States Press, the town of Nourdai, the five-month home of the ruins was successfully rescued by five days after the ruin.
The rescuers first came out of a rubble ruin, and subsequently found his father, but he insisted on asking for the first son and another daughter.
When they were all saved, the crowd shouted a cheerful voice.
A 16-year-old and 70-year-old woman was successfully rescued in the southern city of Kahrahmash in Turkey, under a harsh weather conditions, a 16-year-old and a 70-year-old woman was successfully rescued.
"What day is today?
" " The young man who was trapped under the ruin of 129 hours was asked to rescue his rescuer after the ground was brought back to the ground.
A man of Kakhlamanah held him just saved cat
The miracle successful rescue case brought a dawn on the hope of rescue, but the number of refugees rising.
At present, according to official statistics, the earthquake has caused more than 2 million deaths in Turkey, and the number of neighbours in Syria is estimated at more than 3,500 people.
Although experts say people can survive more than a week after the ruin, searching for more survivors has become a bitter.
The rescuers remain in a drastic instrument to explore the signs of life under the ruins.
At the same time, the focus of rescue work began to help those survivors of emergency need.
United Nations officials: a disaster in the region for hundreds of years
The United Nations Deputy Secretary for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Responsor Martin Griffiths said the earthquake was the worst disaster for the region since the hundreds of years.
He also praised Turkey's response after the disaster was "not unusual".
He also told Reuters that he hoped to provide relief to the Syrian government and opposition regions, but also stated that the relevant matter was "unnumber" .
The United Nations pledged to provide additional $2,500,000 rescue contributions to the Syrian earthquake areas.
Earlier this week, the United Nations has announced funding for $2,500 million in Turkey and Syria.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Chile earthquake (1960)
On 22 May 1960, at 3:11 p.m. on 22 May 1960, the largest earthquake recorded on the human history of Chilevia was 9.5 magnitude.
In a short ten minutes, the city of Waldivia became a ruin.
The huge tsunami attacked Chile coastline after the earthquake, lifting a huge tsunami at 25 m high.
The tsunami and distant Japan, the Philippines.
The number of disasters caused by such a scope and the economic loss cannot be accurate.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Alaska earthquake (1964)
On 27 March 1964, it was a Sunday and a difficult day for Jesus.
This day Alaska took place in North America, the largest earthquake in North America, and the magnitude reached 9.2.
Until 2006, Alaska earthquake remains the third largest earthquake since its record.
During the earthquake, a break between the Pacific plates and the North American plates was furnished near the Gulf of William Bay near the Gulf of the King's Gulf.
The earthquake lasted 3 minutes to 5 minutes in most regions.
The seabed migration triggered a huge tsunami and 67 meters.
Since the day is holiday, schools and many businesses are closed.
The earthquake eventually led to 139 people.
The 9 people were directly killed in the earthquake, and a tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Tang Shan earthquake (1976)
On 28 July 1976, China's city of Tangshan and Toynan County took over a 7-century earthquake within 16 hours.
The magnitude is approximately 23 km from the ground.
The city's city of Tangshan City, traffic, communication, water supply and electricity rupture, was radiated by a crossing ground.
Beijing also has a strong shock in the capital of 140 km.
According to official statistics, including all the affected areas in Beijing, Tianjin, resulted in the death of 24,279 people, 1648.
The earthquake in Tangshan became the second earthquake in China and only a magnitude earthquake in 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake could cause at least 65,000 deaths.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On 26 December 2004, the Indonesian Sumatra promised a seismic earthquake of 160 kilometres (160 km) west of the island, a magnitude of 30 kilometres (9.1 to 9.3 m) of magnetic magnitude.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami from 15 to 30 m.
The total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were mostly waved, among the most serious areas, including the Indonesian province, Thailand picket and Putin Island ferry district, Sri Lanka and India.
At the time of the Christmas season, a large number of passengers and local residents gathered in the affected areas, leading to many passengers who enjoy holidays on the beach and a tsunami in the seaside to the bottom of the sea, making the earthquake a missing.
It is estimated that there are at least 30,000 people who are missing.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, the earthquake in Sichuan Province took place in Sichuan Province.
According to the Chinese earthquake, the earthquake reached 8.2 magnitude and magnitude reached 8.3 levels, and damaged the region exceeded 10 million square kilometres.
As of 25 September 2008, the earthquake caused a total of 69227 deaths, 17923 wounded, and 37,4643 were injured, and the total population lost 46.6 million.
It was the largest earthquake since the establishment of the People's Republic of China and one of the worst casualties in Tangshan earthquakes.
In March 2009, the State Council announced that it would be scheduled for 12 May to mitigate disasters annually to strengthen public education and concern for disaster relief efforts.
The Chinese government and middle school school held a seismic exercise every year.
The school also began to pay attention to the education of the "Three Disaster Reduction".
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Earthquake (2010)
On 12 January 2010, a 7.0 earthquake occurred in the coast of the Caribbean.
The earthquake is located in the southwestern coast of the Mediterranean, located at approximately 13,000 kilometres south of the west.
The International Red Cross estimated that the population of the earthquake was about 300,000.
The number of confirmed deaths issued by the Haitian government exceeded 20 million.
In some parts of the Mediterranean, more than 90% of homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
While the international community provides a large amount of assistance and support, the poor countries of the population have never recovered from this disaster.
The most powerful earthquake in the world occurred in 60
Northeastern Japan earthquake (2012)
On March 11, 2011, the magnitude of 9.0 in the northeast of Japan was a magnitude earthquake.
The earthquake is located in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the city of the city of the city, with a magnitude of 24,000 meters and triggered a huge tsunami in the magnitude of 40.1 m.
The earthquake was the first earthquake that Japan had observed records over 9 quakes since its first earthquake.
About 2.2 million people were killed and about 40,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The first nuclear power station was affected by the earthquake tsunami.
The accident was classified as the worst seventh grade in international nuclear events (INES).
Ford Island nuclear accidents have been measured in the world all over the world, including iodine-131, ceium-137 (mission of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive symptoms were released into the Pacific Ocean.
According to the United Nations statistics, there are at least 87,000 people in the Turkish region.
Just in Syria, there are more than 500,000 people lost their homes because of the earthquake.
WFP appealed to appropriate $7,700 million for Turkey and Syria to provide food for disasters displaced by earthquakes.
At present, many disasters have not lived.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents and carpets, but these are still hard to deliver a lot of urgent need for help.
During the last 12 years of a deep mud tam, Syria, the earthquake made the population a frost.
In the next four days after the earthquake, the WFP has provided food relief to Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) was sent to 72 tons of medicine for external casualties and emergency surgery.
(United United Nations, Reuters)
According to the 2023 German acoustic copyright, all of the content was protected by the copyright law, such as the German acoustic special authority, shall not be used.
Anyone who does not act will lead to reimbursement and is investigated by criminal traits.
NEWS GOV-MO: The Police Bureau appealed to the public to fraud a fraud of a telecommunications company
In recent days, the Police Department received a number of telecommunications fraud fraud fraud letters issued by the Macao Telecommunications Company to the main site in order to replace the prize as soon as possible.
According to the indication of credit card information and verification code, the credit card has not been disclosed, and the credit cards are suspected to be stolen by the above Web site.
According to the relevant telecommunications companies, the relevant telecommunications companies have not been issued.
The Police Bureau appealed to the public to enhance the vigilance of a similar mobile phone, not to be incorporated into any personal data contained in a short message; if it is required to provide a credit card, account transaction password, verification code, to be more cautious, to prevent credit cards from brushing.
Fire Prevention:
1. To focus on network security information, improve personal defense awareness;
2. Do not deny the existing website and register personal and credit cards within the Web site so as to protect the pirates;
3. A vigilant to a fake site and fishing sites at a time to keep the website fully compatible with the official website.
4. For mobile devices, mobile devices or computer installation software, and regular update;
While suspicion of fraud or other crime, the Telephone Police Department should immediately enquire the hotline 8,800 7777 or report 993 for the hotline.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong large survey mission visits Macau tourist attracts guests and expands Hong Kong's "United Line"
The Tourism Bureau comprises a total of 100 Hong Kong Special Administrative Regions, Tourism Industry and Media representatives from Hong Kong Government to Macau, on 10 and 11 days, taking a wide range of visits to Macau, hotels and tourism facilities in Hong Kong, as well as promoting the latest Australian tourism products in Hong Kong.
Tourism in Macao Tourism New Code
The Hong Kong Government Department of Tourism includes 60 representatives from the Hong Kong Government Department of Tourism and Hong Kong Transport and Hong Kong Transport Transport and Hong Kong, as well as about 30 respective respectively from visiting journalists, tourism media, network media representatives, and blogs and nets, visiting the latest tourism resources in Hong Kong, Hong Kong and the media industry in Hong Kong.
Two-day advertisement for advertisement
The mission was visited the World Heritage Sites in Macau, the Macao City Museum of Macau, the "Transsom Passsoror Passs" , the 3rd Baseb millennium, the Macau, Macau, the Macau, the Macau San Francisco Village, the Macau, and several large holiday hotels and facilities: The Karl Lal Lafelfelda, and several large holiday hotels in Portuguese, the city: The Karl Lal Larl Lafelfelfeldge hotels in Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portuguese, the city of Portuguese Macau, the city of Portu, the city of Portuguese Macau, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portu, the city of Portuguese Macauguese
Members of the visiting Macau Tourism Facilities in Macau, a visit to Macau tourism, sharing experiences of Macau to Hong Kong and a renewal experience in Hong Kong, and a latest tourist products in Hong Kong and to sell Hong Kong residents.
To attract Hong Kong Passeng Hong Kong to Hong Kong Macau
Tourism Bureau paved the publicity of the Hong Kong market and the various preferences, including the introduction of returning to Hong Kong in Hong Kong, to a new advertising advertising in the online platform.
Initially, the Hong Kong Tourism industry leader invited the Hong Kong Tourism industry to visit and experience Macau in Hong Kong, and the Hong Kong Tourism Industry and Media representatives to explore the promotion of Hong Kong tourism, attracting Hong Kong passengers to stay in Hong Kong, and to negotiate a market with a spokesman for Hong Kong.
NEW YORKING TO THE NOUN AND IN THE NOUNS OF THE IN THE IN THE NOUNS OF THE IN THE REPENT OF THE IN THE IN THE REPERS OF THE IN THE IN THE IN THE IN THE IN THE IN THE TO THE IN THE IN THE IN THE IN
Chinese medical team members in China are trying to make a good Chinese story in practical action
2023-02-11 13:09:10 : New Ways [Project: Lee flocloc maple ] : a small medium in the middle
The Chinese Medical Team of the Republic of China returned to the Chinese Medical Team in the Republic of Africa on February 10, 2008, and offered a greeting and greeting and greeting for the foreign servants of the Republic of China on February 10, 2008.
According to a reply, you have to overcome the difficulty of working in the middle of China and to serve the local people as a white dress for the rescue of death, and a friendly embarrasser.
This year is a 60th anniversary of China's foreign medical team, and I will be comfortable to enforce the comrades who have been carrying out foreign medical missions.
The Chinese people love peace, treasuring life, and helping foreign medical care is embodied by a living.
We hope that you will not forget your heart, remember your mission, vigorously promote the spirit of daunting, saving, saving, saving, daintless Chinese medical team, in order to make a better contribution to the Chinese tale in order to build a healthy common common body.
Foreign medical care is an important part of our country's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China was sent to Algeria to the first foreign medical team.
In the past 60 years, a total of 3,000 medical teams assigned to Africa, Asia, America, Europe, and Oceania were assigned to a total of 2.9 billion people in the clinic patients and won a broad sponsor of the international community.
At present, the foreign medical team worked at 115 medical points in 56 countries in the global 56 countries, nearly half in a remote area.
In recent days, the 11 squadrons of non-China medical teams in the 19th battalion of the 19th People's Republic of China issued a letter to the Permanent Secretary of China and submitted to the Party's twenty-first spirit, providing medical services such as the local population, expressing the determination to foster the strength of the human health community.
Members of the new Central Committee, the Ministers of Remember and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs have consistently exercised the development of China's socialist thoughts and Party's twenty-first psychology in the New era - rolling news net in Hunan
Members of the Central Committee, Members of the Central Committee, the Ministers of the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs have consistently reviewed the development of the twenty-first psychology of the Chinese characteristics of the Chinese era and the Party
2023-02-11:07:07:20 [Project: Lee flocale : n. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Members of the new Central Committee in Beijing on 10 February, the Standing Committee of the New People's Republic of China and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Government of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the New Age of Socialism and the Party of China on 10 p.m. on the conclusion of the Central Committee, the Central Standing Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Government and the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee.
He said it would be a deeper study in the study of the psychology of the workshop, and a more firm responsor to the "national" and "supreme maintenance" in the course of the leading, strengthening the work of the Chinese modernization, and promoting a comprehensive socialist modernization of the Chinese nation, creating a history, practice and performance of the people's great rehabilitation in China.
During the course of the discussion, the plenary scholars were guided by the Chinese characteristics of the new era, and carefully studied the Party's twenty-first spirits and workshops in a review of the course of the discussion, and began to deepen the understanding of a series of major theories and practices of Chinese modernization, and strengthened the strengthening of the central Party's strong leadership in China under the Central Party's central Party, strengthening its strong leadership and towards the modernization of modernization.
At the end of the industry, a 10-member representative expressed statements were submitted to the exchange of acceptance.
Twenty-second political tasks are both the first political tasks of the current and future period, and a long-standing strategy, in accordance with the requirements of "a comprehensive study, comprehensive implementation, comprehensive implementation", promoting the work of learning and constantly walking in the field, and walking in mind.
To deepen the decisiveness of the “the two established” decision, firmly maintaining the core position of Xi Xiping, maintaining the central position of the Party, the central authority and the central authority of the Party, constantly raises political judgment, political energies and political execution, and has always been maintained at the central Party at the heart of the central Party.
To work hard to master the Marxist theory of this viewpoint, instinctively arrange the innovative theories of the Party, engaging in practice, promoting work in deep studies, depth, sympathy, consciousness, a firm belief, and a loyalty loyalty and a mission.
To fulfill the twenty-first-century decision-making deployment of the party, a sleeve modernization, a sleeve of sleeve oil and a sleeve sleeve, a step printed the blue graph into reality.
We must remember all the political party's self-revolution in the road and the Party's self-revolution, pressing a comprehensive political responsibility for the Party's political responsibilities, in order to consolidate the political construction of the Party, and in-depth the new great works of the new era.
To strengthen the leadership of the High Quality Development Progressive Development, the leading masses of service, the prevention and control of risks of the masses, the emerging investigation is firmly prevented and overcome forms of bureaucracy.
Chen Jie Tai Peak, Lei, Li Chen, Liu Yuan, Wang Jian, Wang Jian, and Wang Hunan attended the casting style, and Chen Jiang chaired the chair.
Google AI chatting robots steady billions of dollars
(Integrated 11)
Google's new artificial chatting robot, a Google company Alphabet, leading to a saving of $8.9 per cent on Wednesday, losing $100 billion ($47.5 billion) of evaporation ($47.5 billion) to $94.57 billion in a week.
The market fears that Alphabet does not compete with Microsoft.
According to the Reuters Agency, a brief sacrifice in a social media began to publish AI chat robot robot Bard: "I can tell me what new discoveries about James Web Space Telescope (JWST)?
"Bard mentioned in the reply that the telescope was shot in the first photo of the Solar System.
However, according to the United States National Aviation Agency, the first photo of the solar galaxies was performed by the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
The "Bard replied Alphabet stock price striking" for the title.
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response to a strict test process would combine external feedback to its internal tests to ensure that Bard's response was reached high standards on quality, safety and real information.
Singapore Tourism Rehabilitation in Singapore rose 19 times more than 2021
According to the Singapore Tourism Bureau, the Singapore Tourism Bureau has announced nearly 200,000 visitors to Singapore in 2023, bringing about 180 billion yuan to $210 million; passengers and tourism revenues will resume 67% to 75% before the COVID-19 pandemic; 2024 tourism industry has achieved a huge suspicion of rehabilitation.
In 2022, Singapore Tourism Market gradually relaunched and restored.
The latest statistics issued by the Singapore Tourism Bureau showed that 33.06 million passengers from 2021 rose to 630,000 in 2021, reaching a estimated 400,000 to 600,000 visitors, and 33% before the pandemic.
In January 2022, Singapore Tourism revenue reached 89.6 billion yuan in September 2022, a total of 89.6 billion yuan in the year 2022, a total of 6.3 billion yuan in 2021, a total of 6,99 billion yuan in 2021 to 7,000 yuan in 2021, and has recovered 50% to 52% of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The government of Singapore has raised and accelerated tourism recovery.
In April 2022, the government announced nearly 500 million yuan to stimulate tourism recovery.
The Tourism Bureau announced that it would allocate $11.1 billion yuan from the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities attracting passengers back.
The Singapore Tourism Bureau issued a vision campaign on 23 November 2022, and plans to develop a healthy landscape in southern Singapore.
In recent years, more and more tourists have placed the health of the body in various considerations in recent years.
The development of a healthy landscape in the Bay Garden, the shoreshore dam, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy to allow visitors to spend more time in Singapore.
The Singapore Tourism Bureau said that health care will be an important part of Singapore tourism products in the next few years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has promoted public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
Tourism has been promoted to local public and international visitors in the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Bureau held its first health care festival, providing more than 1,30 health activities and experiences in the public.
Singapore will continue to provide a new travel experience for visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the San Francisco, the San Francisco City Hall of the Central Beach, the Museum of Arts and the New Territories, the Tourist Bureau will support the development and update of avian parks such as the Nintendo zoo.
In accordance with the plan, Singapore will formulate meetings, exhibitions and incentives for tourism sustainable development in 2023 and focus on improving the problem of waste processing and carbon emissions.
The rehabilitation of Singapore tourism has accelerated the recovery of aviation industry.
As of December 18, 2022, the passengers received more than 15,000 passengers per day a day, compared to about 75% before the COVID-19 pandemic, and the number of aerospace employees had recovered from about 90% before the pandemic.
The data displayed a total of 23,000 passengers in Singapore from January to October 2022, compared to 42% before the COVID-19 pandemic, a total of 17,000 navigation flights was 53% before the pandemic.
Tourism has a quick recovery, and has brought a rehabilitation in areas such as accommodation, transportation, meal drinking and shopping.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have pledged to the Chinese market.
According to a survey of China's travel platform in Singapore, Mr Kurdan said a survey showed that Singapore's security index was one of the reasons for visiting Chinese visitors in Singapore.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, China has approximately 360,000 people per year to Singapore's travel holiday.
With China’s broadband policy, China is expected to recover from three to six in 2019.
Mr Cook Dan pointed out that the Tourism Bureau will focus closely on the signals that China’s further release of foreign travel policy to address the change of tourists demand.
The Singapore Tourism Bureau has strengthened its partnership with China's online travel platform, traveling community, and will be actively prepared for tourists in China for a new trend towards the outside China and abroad.
Tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Bureau is full of confidence that the global economy is not likely to have a significant decline in public revenue, as well as a result of a new massive quarantine epidemic, will be expected.
Kim Jin's wife was in the cold side
During the 75th anniversary of the Joint Telecommunication, the daughter of Kim Jin was not only attended by his father, but also chaired with his father at the same station.
The North Korean media announced the film on 9 p.m. on her father's side, in a few times she held her dad's cheeks and even touched her father's chest cheek, and her father's mouth was able to fly to the countryside.
However, the first lady Lee returned to one side.
In a comprehensive South Korean news agency, Kim Jin, Lee, a daughter-in-law, took a feast at the dinner party, not only in the middle of her parents, but she was chaired with Golden on the 75th anniversary of the building.
The Korean spokesman released a militia video after the Korean Central Television, and revealed more feather sympathy.
Kim was smiling with his daughter at the presidency of the president, and the two faces had never returned, and slipped in the ear, and the golden loved a pair of cheeks with a pair of hands and a smiling response.
Other media paintings also showed that Goldman loved and Kim was sitting in a chair in the middle of the room; she kept her father's face with her father, taking her hand in the chest of golden chest.
But the first lady Lee was able to walk behind or sit in one side, always a few steps from her husband and daughter.
South Korea's media pointed out that Goldman loved the first time since the launch of a Mars 17 bullet on 18 November last year, the exposure rate has been increasingly higher since the first three months of public exposure, which has now appeared in a formal occasion.
The North Korean media mentioned the most dear sons and prides of the destined sons of Kim as well as the greatest pride of the destination, and the pride of the golden loved in the sight of the militia overlooking the armor of the militants.
These signs of suspicion of suspicion of suspicion of the suspicion of the suspicion of the golden suspicion, the Washington Post analyses that "This is a suppression of the middle school's daughter, who believed that such a judgment was still likely to have a son in Kim.
How to reinforce the U. S. N. S. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Q: How do you want to see a surge in the US beyond expectations and future trends in the United States in January of the United States?
A: On February 3, 2023, the U.S. Labour Department announced a new non-peasant employment data, 51.7 million, a huge increase in the market expected to 3.4 per cent, compared to 4.4 per cent in recent 50 years, with a slightly slower than 0.3 per cent.
From the total volume, the disturbance of the data existed in a number of sexual and technical factors, such as the amendment of the post-trained patriotic workers, the statistical diameter, the renewal of seasonal demonstrations, which may be revised (present in January 2022) to 36.4 million in new peasants to 36.4 million in January 2022.
From the structure, high-tech firms have affected a relatively low, but compared with high contact services, such as leisure hotels, education health, and data displays the shortage of service labor.
In combination with the same surge of the service sector, PMI, post-consuming and shortage data, we have judged a rapid recovery in the United States service after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe it is difficult to improve the demand for US employment markets without a recession.
Currently there are 500,000 shortages in the US labor market, and the labour participation rate is slow, particularly 25-54 labor participation rates have been close to the pandemic.
In addition, due to the strong savings and consumer credit savings in the US, consumer demand will prompt a tightening policy on the impact of employment markets.
The demand for employment in the United States will be the bottom of the US economy in 2023.
We are not optimistic about the slowdown of our salary increase in our salary growth.
Before the data announced, the US Treasury market was optimistic about the Fed’s interest path.
With the continued improvement of inflationary data, the Fed continues to shrink a fragile balance of market inflation, but the market is not expected to halt interest rates in the Fed's eagle.
In the supply of labor markets, tightening policies, we believe that the Fed is relatively reasonable for raising interest in the last year, the market extreme adjustments and transactions that are extremely affected by the market will have a certain harm to the market.
Despite this, salary increases in salaries have turned a gradual shift in the current inflation rate, as the M2 data rose and various CPIs leading indicators, since October, the US CPI data has shifted to a rapid decline, and the salaries of salavings will only be able to identify the current market forecasts in the next inflation market, or a new wheel.
Zheng Zheng, a leading Chinese dressing first-hand economic observation network - a professional financial news website
On 11 February, the reporter of the Economic Observation announced that the Microsoft-General was a certified public issued by the certifying shares Limited (hereinafter referred to as a safish shares), the chair of the founder of the Enterprise, the director of the safs and the safai sai-sai sai-sai-sai-sai saiea sagency sagency, was saved in a curing heart disease, and died on 10 February 10, 2023.
In the 1980s, Zheng served as the head of state cotton textiles in the country, and became a premise in 1989, and became a master of the garage in Hong Kong.
In December 2022, during the twenty-first Chinese enterprise leaders and the twenty-first Chinese companies' future stars, Zheng said in a speech in the Chinese West Conservation Market in the 1990s, a 37 per cent of the city's largest brand has reached 37 per cent.
In 1996, the first Chinese dressing industry became the first listed company in China in 1996.
As a result of the dressing business in the day of a dressing business, the furnish group began to realise, "Once the market opened, the Chinese brand formed a ladder brand, a leading harassment that became a country's national uniform."
In 1999, Fish began studying the enterprise transformation, Zheng began to recall, "When we came to Shanghai, we tried to find a lot of experts scholars and constantly opened a few symposiums and fiction seminars.
Finally, we set up two big strategic directions.
The first direction is a new energy new material, and a future for health.
After a strategic direction, the safan began searching for cooperation, and, when the sai sai sai sai sai was not enough to do the national 863, it was signed a joint agreement to promote the development of a sub-mediate microsphere industry in 863, engaged in a polar material, production and sale in the country's polar material.
In 2001, Citigroup realized the size of carbon microsphere production in the middle of the midst, began to replace Japan as a major supplier in the middle of the country.
This is the first Chinese lithium ion battery producer of lithium ion battery, which realized the lithium lithium ion battery lithium lithium batteries.
With the rapid application of lithium batteries, lithium batteries in lithium batteries began to develop, in 2007, the lithium electronic materials were written into the main camps of a safish shares in 2007, and the garments accounted for more than a year until 2013.
In February 2021, the LG chemical bias acquired LG optical optical optical films and formed a bias optical optical optical optical market, which was relatively high in the field, the main competitor was the world's 500, such as South Korea, Japan's resident chemistry and eastern electronic industry.
Zheng Zheng shares the heart of the post-speaking management, “China’s civil-sector enterprises have bought some of the high-tech firms in international, compared with the success rate, why do those buys fail?
Because everybody is going to take into account, I have to go to the guard, however, this is usually a acts of action, but Zheng Yong-hong announced that a huge shareholder was declared as a Golden Girl, and decided to implement a two-second shareholder, except Zheng's chairman, a man who has not been authorized a saving director, a man who has not been assigned a sa sa sagency, a sagency, a sa sa sa sa pla pla pla plagency, pla pla pla ssssaging, and saging-sa sagency, plainta
ICC issued a polar data released in 2022, with a total of 20,000 tons in 2022, compared with a total of 100%, a market share of 16%, and a man-made graphics crossing the top of the graphite.
In the context of optical films, Yano Research showed a global market share of 29% in 2022, anticipated 32% of the market in 2023, and continues to be the first global.
In the third quarter of 2022, a total of 158.41 billion yuan was net profits of 23.13 billion yuan in the third quarter of 2022, with a net profit of 23.13 billion yuan, a total of $19.24 yuan ($436.3 million).
On February 9, 2022, the company's magnificent product was estimated to be about 10 million tons of graphites and graphites could be crawl in the slope.
Today, Mr Zheng is still a director and practical control of the shares of a fan.
According to a view, Zheng has held a total share of a saf - saf - sai shares in Zheng, a 40.1 per cent share.
The general manager of a siege shares is Li Jiahua, 1968, a Dongguan City batteries, a new material technology company, a director of the Hunan Shuan Shuan Energy Technology Co. Ltd.
Investors interactive platforms on 10 February, the company's senior managers did not exist a relative relationship with the company's actual controller.
The FundE Account has come to: All funds authorized to develop and enquire - economic observation networks - professional financial information website
Economic observation net reporter Chen Jian Fund buys a variety of channels that leads to account information insecurity?
Are you always forgotten a small gold garage?
The problems of the Kids are coming to a solution.
On 10 February, the ICAC announced that the fundE account APP was stored in various mobile phone shops and carried out public trials.
In this paper, the FundE account provides a public fund account and a 'tune' enquiry' service for personal investors, aimed at solving the existing small and medium-sized investors forgotten accounts, enquiries and trivial services.
According to Wind data, at the end of 2022, a total of 156 public fund managers and a total of about 26 million yuan; a total of 167 registered agency for the fund, a public fund selling 411.
Each registered agency account system is mutually independent and lacks a query channel in the industry.
According to the industry, more than 7.2 billion Chinese fund investors in the end of 2021, half of the country invested the fund products.
Investors need to be enquired by a different marketing organisation, and through the "FE account" can enquire all the sales channels to buy.
What is the Fund Account APP?
According to the relevant documents, the FundE account APP is the application of China's public-funded fund mobile phone for the development of China's certification and approval of the development of China's certification, which can provide investors with a view to a set of enquiry held in the market market.
Investors can fully improve the efficiency of enquiries through the "FE account" convenient, fast enough to master the shares of the funds managers bought by the various funds listed in the whole market.
Specifically, investors can enquire information through the Fund Account enquiries, including a fund-raising fund management account, open trading accounts for the public fund sales agencies, and a foreign sharehold, including a public equity investment fund, and the number of investors listed in securities investment funds, as well as the number of investors established by 200 restrictions on a set of assets management plan.
According to the Shanghai Securities Fund, Mr Liu, the director of the Shanghai Securities Fund, Mr Liu said investors could be able to know all the foreign-funded funds held by the Fund Account App, helping them back assets, more importantly, to fulfil the entire account account accounts in a integrated fund, to help clients to achieve a more timely and accurate, complete investment situation, and thus better optimize their own investment fund.
How do you register?
The reporter noticed that the fundE account APP has been stored in China, apples, small meters, OPPO,vivo, but the APP is still in a public trial stage, and the APP needs to fill in the invited code, and investors can contact the fund managers who hold the fund.
In Shanghai, a large-scale public fund servant offered a six-party invitation to the Economic Observer and told reporters that the APP was running stage, China agreed to provide a certain number of invitations to each fund manager, and we will offer.
After a trial run, open user registration is not invited.
" "
The reporter enquiries in accordance with the "FE account" under the ICAC display and completion of the relevant documents, which includes only a few minutes, mainly divided into four minutes: user registration, real certification, fund account kidnapping, and the public fund enquiries.
After a real certification, click the "set" fund to bind button, and the reporter appears in a list of binding options by various fund sales platforms, a complete binding account, and can begin to use the enquiry function.
It is notable that the fundE accounts provide only enquiry services for investors and cannot be redeemed for sale.
The date of data displayed in the Fund E account is generally referred to as the date of enquiry (T days) to advance three transactions before the date of enquiries.
For example, in the opening of the FundE account on 10 March, the total assets, funds displayed in the asset pages and the net value of the fund shall be three transactions before the date, 7 February.
A copyright statement: The contents of the Economic Observation Journal are originally created, and the copyright returned to all the Economic Observations Agency.
Unless the Economic Observations Agency authorizes a ribbon or mirror, it will be investigated for the legal responsibility of the relevant actors in accordance with law.
Coordinates 010-609105-1260.
Confederation of the Continuous American Day Philippines reached a defensive consensus
Asia – On February 9, the Philippines visited Japan, and spoke with the Prime Minister Tanzao.
The two sides opposed a consensus on the South Sea and the East Sea after the meeting, the Philippine leaders issued a joint statement that will communicate with a three-party guard agreement with the United States, and oppose the Chinese hegemony policy.
According to the Japanese media, the shore fieldman hopes to help Japan to establish a policy aimed at the Taipei crisis.
Maccos visited China in early January and received a $200 billion agreement.
But, after that, the Chinese-fied relationship was not just a good turn, slipping down.
In early this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States and agreed to open more bases for the US military to safeguard the security of the South Sea.
A new base is about 300 km from Taiwan and is the closest place in China.
If the Taiwan crisis arises, the US military may move in the Philippines.
The Japanese media argues that Japan has now formed a shaft with the United States, constructed the Western Pacific arc of the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Deputy President of the National Party of China visited Song Tao in 1999. Welcome to the Green camp
The Deputy Chairman of the Taiwan Nationalist Party of Taiwan will meet the Standing Committee of the Chinese National Taipei and the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau of China on this occasion.
Mr Zhao Zhao, a member of the National People's Republic of China, held a deep consultant to the Taiwan Central Society yesterday, actively edited the Song Tao to identify the "nintern consensus" and visited the continent by China's Green camp.
The National Party evaluates that new things are fresh.
Song Tao announced that the news was not mentioned earlier.
The Taiwanese ruling party, however, clarified that it refused to accept the "9th consensus".
According to the Central Committee today, the vice-president of the National People's Republic of China was visited in Beijing, during the period of Beijing, the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau of Shanghai, the Standing Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Political Bureau, the Song Tao, and the Beijing Municipal Committee.
The political foundation of the Song Tao talks with the Song Tao talks is the "nintern consensus" and the counterpart of the National People's Republic of China and Zhao Zhao, a member of the National Party, said in the meeting, "9th consensus" was the original juice flavor.
Zhao Zhao Shan analyses this is different from the previous meeting.
The recent conversation between the mainland and the Continental Interview, and the discussion of the scholars did not hear the scholars talk about the "section" and "scholars", which was restored in exchange and dialogue.
Zhao Zhao noted that the two shores were endangered by China looked forward to improving relations through the National Party.
Because there is no mutual trust between the people and the other party will be ready to work on Taiwan, the representative doesn't want to do a bad relationship between the two sides.
According to Zhao Zhao Zhao Shan, Wang Jianing also stated in his own demands to the Song Tao, saying, "You must be able to fulfill, and if you cannot be solved, the case will be taken.
The report did not mention whether the Nationalist visited the mainland and visited the Chinese military ships daily, Taiwan's small township problem, as well as a central journalist interviewed about such issues.
The FBC mobilized again the retirement reform scheme
On 11 February, the French union again launched a national mobilization against the Government's retirement reform, calling for the people to walk on the street and express their views.
This is the fourth day of action against the government retirement system reform of the draft.
How many people respond to the cluster may affect the next step of the work union group.
This is a month since France's 8th largest trade union group has launched a nationwide mobilization, and the first time this protest will be arranged on Saturday.
In view of a majority of France, Saturday was a daily daily day and they did not need to be a choice between demonstrations, or salary strikes, so the trade union group hoped to attract more people today.
The National Transportation System and the Public Railway Company are not called for workers today, and the public-country system should be able to operate regularly and the public can travel to the location, while the school starts in a winter holiday area.
The group hopes that more than one million people will participate today, while the number of police expected to be between 60,000 and 80,000, the Paris city may set up 9,000 to 12,000.
Since the protest of the anti-government retirement reform scheme, most French do not support a retired age from 64 to 64, but the number of participating in the streets gradually decreased.
The first strike on 31 January was reached at a total of 12.7 million throughout the country.
The demonstration of the demonstration of the week (7 February) has shrinked from 75.7 million people across the country to 2 million.
The retirement reform scheme is now discussing the French National Assembly.
In the wild party, particularly in the left-wing sponsoring of the wild party, has delivered a few amendments proposals to consider the process very slow.
And the dispute between the wild is becoming a sharp stroke.
A French senator on the left-wing party was able to send himself a piece of a piece of piece of a labor minister, triggering a political party protest.
The President of the National Council finally announced a ban on the parliamentary activities of 15 days as a punishment for such acts.
Although the reform scheme has triggered the largest social tide in France for more than 20 years, the government has made a slightly adjustment on the draft, although it has not made any major concessions.
The trade union was prepared to move again on Thursday, on 16 March, and the draft reform was planned to organize demonstrations to the Senate.
China encourages the fertility rate to high school catalytic quality
The Chinese province of Yunnan Province issued a propaganda publicity issued on 9 pages of human elites in the province of Yunnan Province, seeking a large or more graduate donated or donated by eight to 12,500 yuan subsidies for the renminbi.
According to the media today, the media reported that the message was drunk on the day and triggered a number of provinces such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to the Freedom Report, China encourages students to donate.
The highest level of Beijing donation threshold, excluding the accuracy of 170 degrees and above five officers, is apparently defied and nearly slightly less than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan province of Yunnan Province said that the donator can obtain a total of 1,000 yuan, "especially liquid and chromosome detection, and most people have never done a significant role in understanding their fertility state.
The donated conditions include a total of 165 pupils, large and above or above, illiteracy, illiteracy and B liver diseases such as infectious diseases and infectious diseases.
According to the Chinese astronomical news agency in Shaanxi Province, the Chinese astronomical news refers to advertisement issued by the Shaanxi province of Shaanxi, called for young people to respond to donations and encourage net friends to transmit relevant information.
The province of Shaanxi is higher than Yunnan, and the qualified partner can obtain 300 yuan cash each time to complete a certain number of donators to obtain 5,000 yuan subsidies.
It is now known that the highest price code is Beijing, with the highest subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The last Communist Party of East Germany died today
The successor of the Communist Party of East Germany reported in a statement yesterday that Hans Modrow left us at 95, aged 95.
So our party loses an important leader.
" "
On October 13, 1989, after opening up the Berlin Wall in East Berlin and West Berlin, the Berlin Wall opened four days, Medro said he would help to become a democratic country.
Since the protesters in East Germany demanded democracy and freedom, the Communist Party leaders were forced to declare.
Gorbachev (Mikhail Gorbachev) was requested to change in Eastern Europe after the Soviet Union.
In March 1990, Mordero announced that the German Democratic Republic (GDR) was the first free election.
The election results led to him no longer as Prime Minister.
Despite the reform of Mordero, the opposition accused him of trying to postpone political changes and reunification in the months of 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to removing the secret police instead of abolishing secret police.
In 1993, Mordero was arrested in the municipal elections of 5 months in 1989, but did not jail.
These charges are referred to as political motives.
From 1990 to 1994, Mordro continued to serve as a European Parliament in 1999 to 2004.
Moderro deems himself as a reformer, and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want to return to the old East, but stated that East Germany should recognize the achievements of East Germany.
Moderro was born in the German town of Jasienica in 1928 and received a mechanical training in Poland.
During World War II, he became a member of the Nazi militia in conflict, and became a member of the Nazi militia group of Volkssturm, which called for the last war in 16 to 60.
At the age of 17, Modro was captured by the Soviet army and took part in the Soviet Union, where he took part in the anti-fascist course and became a firm Communist Party.
In 1949, after the establishment of East Germany, he found a mechanical work and continued to study the social science and economics and became a doctorate.
Moderro was a member of a German youth movement, nearly all East German youth joined the campaign, and promoted to the chairman of the Democratic Party of the Social Reunification Party (ED) during 1973–1989.
He was still in East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Mordero became a leader in East Germany and served as the highest national office.
Iran's commemoration of the Revolution last year held a frightened presidential speech
On Saturday, the Iranian Islamic Republic of Iran held an official meeting to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but the anti-government black guest suspended the president's television speech.
The president's television speech was interrupted on the Internet and appeared a mark of a group of anti- Iranian government guests on the screen, whose name was "Edalat Ali".
There is also a voice shouting the Islamic Republic to death.
According to Reuters today, the Iranian Memorial Revolution, the Black National Television Television reported.
Iran's official commemoration of the Iranian Revolution 44 weeks faced a magnificent challenge to the young protesters asking their next young protesters, but Lessi continued to call for “developed youth” to repent.
Amin Amini, aged 22, died in the detention of the state moral police in 9 months after the detention of the state's moral police, remained in Iran.
The Iranian security forces have suppressed the protests, which is one of the most powerful challenges faced by the Islamic Republic since the 1979 Revolution of 1979.
As part of the commemoration of the Revolution, the Iranian authorities released a ban on Friday's protests against the guards of the protest, Fahard Mesami and Iranian scholar Friba Adelha.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a magnetic order, including some of the arrested prisoners in recent anti-government protests.
According to the HRANA report, 528 protesters were killed in five weeks, including 71 minors.
According to the report, 70 government security personnel were killed.
It was believed to be arrested in 1976,763 protesters.
Since several weeks, Iran’s leaders and official media have been calling for votes on Saturdays to show opposition protests and support the government.
On Friday night of the Iran Revolution, the official media displayed a part of the government sponsorship celebration campaign as part of the government sponsorship.
God is the greatest!
However, many of them may also hear a shouting 'the dictator's go to death!
"One of the Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic of China" and the video released on social media.
On Saturday, the government television station was broadcast on the national official squad of the National People's Congress.
In Delmark, as part of the official celebration campaign, displays a national anti-bound missile, non-manmanage, anti-dump cruisers and other military equipment.
President Leise's speech is often interrupted by the United States to die - this is the marking of the state gathering.
The crowd also shouted Israel to death.
Since 2019, Adelkhah was one of the seven French nationals arrested in Iran, a result of deteriorating relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years for the national security guilt in 2020.
They later took her soft in the house, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied these accusations.
Mesami announced a week ago that supporters warned that he was facing a risk of death because of a despair protest.
He was arrested in 2018 for a protest against a forced towel.
The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Adelkhah on Friday, calling for her freedom to restore her freedom, including if she would, she would allow her to return to France.
" "
The air ball was more rubbishing American eyes?
Strengthening restriction technology export to China
According to Wall Street Journal today, the United States is ready to tighten the export of Chinese technology, according to Wall Street Journal.
The current and former security officials say the above-mentioned balloon incident highlights the national security threat of China and will strive for more political support for US technology protection.
The United States called the balloon carrying a antenna and sensor for information collection and communication.
According to the former US Central Intelligence Agency, Martijn Rasser says.
"This is no doubt that pouring oil on the fire, and supports the views of the hardware of Huah.
The White House Press secretary Kaine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday, "We will also take a greater range of actions to disclose and deal with China's bigger surveillance activities, which threaten our national security and our allies and partners.
U.S. officials say they have told governments about 30 countries that have reported the above-mentioned balloon events, and international coordination is crucial to the threat of China.
'On addition to the new United States House of Representatives and the Chinese Communist Party's strategic competitor, the strategic and international research center, Emily Benso says, the U.S. House of Representatives may also be able to tackle a more serious measure in the United States,' said Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the International Center for Research and International Studies.
She said Congressmans would feel more and more pressure, demanding them to take a more hard position, and that would likely force the White House to take a more harder policy.
The Wall Street Journal says many argue that more stricter export controls are also being promoted to broadening controls and incorporated in the industry of artificial intelligence.
The US government has already enacted a plan for foreign investment and examined whether US investments exist in China’s potential state security threat.
Analysts say the White House may face a demand for a faster launch of the plan.
Turnish earthquake rescue night
Turkish and associated Syria has been torned by thousands of ruins in the ruins of the ruins of thousands of earthquakes and rescued the survivors buried in a gravel.
In the cold temperature, they often appeal to calm, because they try to hear the voice of any life in the old concrete pile.
According to Reuters today, two women were rescued after the earthquake ruins.
However, the number of deaths caused by the earthquake rose 24,150.
The number of Turkish deaths were 20,665, and Syrian deaths exceeded 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake occurred Monday, in Turkey and Syria, during the seventh century, a massive natural disaster in Turkey and Syria, over the 2011 earthquake and tsunami, nearly 31,000 people died in neighbouring Iranian earthquake in 2003.
In 1999, a similar earthquake in the north of Turkey caused 17,000 people.
On Saturday, Turkish authorities said two women were trapped 122 hours after the 20th century in the region, and the rescuers saved the two women from the ruins of the ruins of Turkish buildings.
Another wounded 55-year-old man was confirmed as Masallah Cicek, who was saved from a ruin in the largest city of Diabak in southern Turkey.
In the cold temperature, the rescuers often call quiet because they try to hear any of the voices of the old concrete piles.
In Turkish Samandag District, rescuers squat down in the concrete plate, squashed the Inshallah, "God blessed" -- they stretched their hands into the ruins and saved a 10-day newborn.
He opened his eyes, babies Yagiz Ulas was packaged in the warm carpet and raised to the hospital in the war.
The video image showed that the emergency savings had taken away his mother, she had a pale, pale, but the god woke.
Turkish Vice President Ford Oktay told reporters in the past 24 hours, 67 people were rescued from the ruins and delivered 31,000 rescue personnel in the region.
About 80,000 people were treated in hospital, and 105 million people were squeezed in the temporary shelter.
Because many of them lacked food under the cold winter conditions, the suspicion of the leaders of the two countries is more suspicious about the disaster response.
According to Syria's official media, Syrian President Barshar al-Assad, a hospital with his wife Aleppo, was reported to be his first place since the earthquake.
Earlier the World Food Programme said it was expounded by the insurgency in the north-west Syrian northern Syria.
On Friday, Erdoğan visited the province of Turkey, and he admitted that the government's response was not expected.
The opposition grasped the issue against Erdoğan, who would be held on May 14, but could be postponed because of a disaster.
Reuters say anger may affect the elections for delays and rescue efforts.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the worst challenge for Erdoğan for twenty years.
Eldoğan called for unity and condemned his so-called “political interests”.
Turkish main opposition leader Karl Kilidarogru criticized the government's response.
The critic says the "quake earthquake is much worse than the earthquake is lacking coordination, lack of plans and inability.
" "
The cross-cross-class journalist, a visit to Villarusaland, visited the Republic of Vietnam on 11 February, and visited Mrs. Vanish Prime Minister of Vietnam, visited the University of Lidaran (UBD), simplified the "UBD" at the University of Venice.
The University of Wenley is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Venice, ranked third at the University of the region.
The University of South Vietnam is one of the symbols of education training cooperation in Vietnam.
The University of Welley was officially founded in July 2013 with the FPT University of Vietnam, mainly in the field of English training.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean, the University of Virginia will also enter the teaching course in Vietnam.
During the visit to the University of Venice, the government of Vietnam conducted a exchange of students with the Vietnamese language.
Van Mining Prime Minister is pleased with a growing number of foreigners who like to learn Vietnam, and has made a positive contribution to the image of Vietnamese culture and the image of the wind.
The Government's Prime Minister stated that it was believed that the Vietnamese faculty of Vietnam was becoming stronger; Vietnamese scholars were increasingly interested in Vietnamese, trying to study in Vietnam, able to use stream in Vietnam, and become a leading diplomatic relations between the two countries.
While this opportunity, the Vincent Prime Minister also communicates with Vietnamese students at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Danjiang, and knew they were particularly studying during the pandemic.
The Government's Prime Minister stated that the relationship between the FPT and the University of South Vietnam was particularly a symbol of the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Vietnam and in cooperation with Venice Education.
At the same time, we hope that students in the center have made greater progress in learning, making positive contributions to the friendly relations between the two countries.
During the discussions with the Ministers of Education and the University of Van Mining, Prime Ministers of Education and the University of Venice, the cooperation between the two countries, including the FPT and the University of Wenley, and the adoption of the Vietnamese language into teaching courses in Vietnam.
The Fanming Council hopes that the University of Virginia will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of Vietnamese language.
The Government of Vietnam also emphasizes the positive results of the two countries signed in April 2014 in the understanding of the cooperation of education and cooperation on memorandum, and suggested that the additional scholarships continued to carry out short-term interchange projects such as the Global Discovery Programme (Discovery Year).
The Prime Minister of Fanming was highly appreciated by the University of Southeast Asia in Vietnam; it was convinced that the university was becoming increasingly strong in the region and the world; further expanding its cooperation relations with the University of Vietnam.
While this opportunity, the Vincent Prime Minister and Mrs. Van Ming took the memorial tree in the garden of Van Mine, and kept in a memorial book.
Vincent Prime Minister Van Mining wishes to continue to develop, to contribute increasingly to the educational cause of Venice, and to a deeper cooperation in the training institutions of Vietnam.
( finish)
The Broadcasting Society
The cross-cross-Montinian journalist, the Vietnamese government, officially visited Singapore and Wenley, has achieved a comprehensive, practical and concrete outcome.
In the three days of the visit to Singapore and Venice, the Prime Minister of Fanming took over 30 different activities.
The effectiveness of the new two countries' strategic partnership and the more comprehensive partnership continues to be deeper and more effective in the development of new power.
During the visit of the two countries, the Prime Minister continues to reiterate the Vietnamese Party and the country's foreign route, i.e. independent, diversify, and will make a good friend and reliable partner in all countries and the responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Welley are the needs of their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their respective countries, committed to the peace, stability and development of the region and the world.
During the meeting and talks, the Prime Minister of Fanming and Vincent agreed to strengthen political mutual trust in Vietnam through bilateral cooperation mechanisms and various important cooperation agreements, such as bilateral cooperation and various important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents have been signed during this visit.
Among them, the plans for strengthening the comprehensive partnership between Singapore and Singapore's signing of the Green and Digital Economic Partnership and the Plan of Action signed in 2023-2027 were two bright spots.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Green and Digital Economic Partnership for understanding.
Turnsuis
During the meeting, the Ministers of Foreign Affairs stressed that Vietnam welcomed Vietnam's digital transformation, green energy, high-technology, innovation in Vietnam, during a meeting of enterprises, or attending the Economic Forum.
The visit will not only help deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Singapore in various areas such as political, economic, security, education, oil, tourism, civil exchanges, and civil exchanges, but also create a framework for new areas of potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation, urban development, and sustainable development.
The king of Welley, Hasanorbakia and Van Mining Minister, are ready to enter a bilateral talks.
Turnsuis
During the visit to the two countries, the Prime Minister of Fanming arranged a time to visit and listen to the visit to the local Vietnamese community.
In the meeting of the leaders of the two countries, the Prime Minister of Fanming suggested that the two governments have focused on the fair treatment of the local Vietnamese community, and the opportunity to make favorable conditions for local social contributions and fostering the relations of the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Van Mining also shared the desire for a unity, peace, stability and prosperity of the two countries, and agrees to maintain solidarity with the ASEAN countries and to enhance the central role of the SEAN in the region and the complex variable background in the region and the international situation.
According to an important achievement of the adoption of the Government, the Danminian Prime Minister gave an effective implementation of the 13th largest visit to Singapore and Venice to strengthen its relations with the neighbouring neighbouring countries, effectively implementing the 12th conclusions on the work of the Central Government on the work of the new situation (12-KL/TW) and played a positive contribution to the unity of all ethnic groups in the new situation.
( finish)
What is Alas combined with a shooted " objects"?
Thomas suppose, speculation
The United States Army on Friday (March 10) launched again in the afternoon of the United States on Friday, 10 February (March 10) to trigger the most advanced jet jet aircraft F-22 triggering a body that had not been identified in the United States.
The location of the tribe is 10 miles from Alaska coast.
This is the second time in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a spy balloon from China was shot down on the coast of South Carolina on the shore of South Carolina.
The second shooter was first entered into the United States airspace on Thursday night, and the United States Army was tracked at 1.2 million metres (4,000 ft) in the north of Alaska, compared to a small Chinese sympathy sphere compared to the previous trigger.
The five angle building also argues that there is no signs of display, the object is manipulative.
The White House National Security Council's strategic communication coordination officer John Corby said it was not clear that the specific samples of a high-speed flying object were not clear, but it constitutes a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aircraft.
Corby said the object was different from that spy ball found in the United States, and there was no hanging of "effective load" on it.
'We call it a 'm the best description we can now make.
President Biden heard the proposal before putting the triangle building on the object, and he made a decision "extremely cautious" as he added.
The U.S. official description of the object may be attributed to a large size of a small car, without a hanging rod without a hanging device, and a height of about 10,000 metres.
But these information can not answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which belongs to a country where it is executed.
There are a lot of analyses and speculation on the Internet, which may be a Chinese balloon.
It may be a sympathy balloon with the invasion of the United States and a blank Chinese balloon in Latin America, where they are taking a certain task in different locations.
There are also links to Alaska with "UFO" (UFO).
"Peter Meijer" issued Friday in the United States, a report published by Peter Meijer said that it was a spy ball rather than a legitimate UFO.
"It was surprised by the irony of the outer spacecraft and the meteorological air balloon, but it was not worth a star conflict, " Messier said.
Méger was confirmed by Kobe confirmed that the object was soon issued.
The news news agency said the object was a UFO suspicion of Mej.
Tim Burchett criticised the government last month's coverage of the government, demanding the report of the National Intelligence Office (DNI) on a report on the 'navigation'.
