The European Union summit debated refugee policy, EU officials: the acceptance process is a bottleneck - China New Network
EU summits are a row over refugee policy, EU officials: Every step in the acceptance process is a bottleneck
At the latest EU summit, European Commission President von der Leyen said EU leaders agreed to a more stringent policy on illegal immigration, making it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The EU’s move, reportedly in response to Europe’s growing problem of illegal migration, is now at the heart of the EU’s problem with a very small number of illegal immigrants that will eventually be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to “immediately mobilize large amounts of EU funding” to strengthen external borders by means of infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states are quarreling over such issues as fence payments.
von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU money will not pay the fees.
But some member-state diplomats say that if the EU could share the pieces of cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would give countries a national budget that would speed up construction.
EU officials acknowledge that there is a bottleneck in every step of the refugee acceptance process, that limited acceptance capacity and member-by-country immigration authorities cannot prevent refugees from filing “countless” asylum claims in EU countries, and that the EU’s refugee reception system is in a near-permanent crisis.
The European Commission estimates that the EU’s Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, nearly half more than the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded over 330,000 illegal arrivals last year.
Against that backdrop, the summit also agreed on a “principle” that EU countries could send illegal immigrants back to countries in accordance with the courts of another member state.
In addition, EU leaders also agreed to increase the use of the concept of a safe country, which would open the way for the EU to make a common list.
(source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
US upgrade "chip battle" heavy hit the global semiconductor industry - CNNN
Recently, there has been a significant upgrade to China’s “chip war” – the Netherlands and Japan agreed, under US pressure, to launch export controls on Chinese semiconductor manufacturing equipment; the US government is considering cutting all links between US suppliers and Huawei companies, banning US suppliers from offering any products to Huawei; and the Biden administration is preparing to issue an executive order restricting US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries ... shortly after the start of 2023, when the US continues to curb semiconductor-related industries in China.
In recent years, the US crackdown on China’s “core” development has never stopped, suppressing the supply chain of semiconductors to China, while building a “de-Chinaization” semiconductor industrial chain alliance, seeking to “swing away” China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is pulled together to establish a “technical alliance” with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or to establish a “quartet alliance” with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or to establish semiconductor industrial chains “little circles” by means of the Four-Party Mechanism, the Indo-Pacific Economic Framework, the US, Japan, and Australia, by introducing semiconductor industries into semiconductor industries through politicization, camping, weaponization, and other means, in an attempt to build a US-dominated enclosed supply chain cycle that would compensate for its short boards in chip manufacturing, and maintain its advantage in the global chip industry.
However, the US has a huge "core tactics" against China and is also "a thousand wounded enemies self damaging 800".
More recently, Panlin, a leading US chip-making equipment supplier, has announced that it will fire 1,300 full-time employees and plan to fire 1,400 temporary staff in the next two quarters, affected by the latest export ban on Chinese chip-making equipment.
Holland Asmail Holdings Inc., the global lithograph giant, recently warned that a ban on exporting semiconductor equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
American media analysis, after the government imposed a brutal crackdown on industries such as Chinese chips and semiconductors, many US companies suffered, including electronic design automation tools developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturers and chip manufacturers themselves.
The US has suppressed China's advanced semiconductor industry, but has dragged down the global semiconductor industrial chain and supply chain.
Semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry. It has long formed a global semiconductor industrial chain with close links.
Professionals estimate that the entire process of semiconductor products based on specialized division of labor requires more than 70 cross-country borders and a 100-day journey.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong base, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced process, and is heavily dependent on East Asia.
Even as the US strives to channel advanced chip-making supply chains to the US-dominated “little circle” regionalization, the distribution and interdependence of semiconductor-related industries around the world is difficult to change.
America’s powerful “remodeling” “de-Chinaization” semiconductor industrial chain has hit the global semiconductor industry hard.
The chip is the core of the global future industry, the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the global participation.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, followed by the Innovation and Competition Act of 2022, the US Competition Act of 2022, the Chips and Science Act of 2022, which uses technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leading edge, and tempts Intel, Delta, Samsung and other chip-making companies to build US plants, strongly ensuring America’s global leadership in the chip sector.
In the short term, the US does have a real stake in China’s chip industry and related industries.
In the long run, however, the US hysterically suppresses China’s chip industry, drove itself out of a huge Chinese market, ultimately weakening US technology companies’ innovative willingness and innovative capabilities, undermining the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
First batch of Personal Pension and Property Products to be launched for sale at least 360 days - Central New Net
Sale of the first batch of personal pension and property
Optional Seven Products of Home Optional Consistent with a minimum of 360 days
Individual pensions and property are finally on the line.
On February 10, 2007, China Financial Net announced the first list of personal pension and property articles, and the list of 7 personal pension and property articles of industrial and silver management, peasant and silver management, and middle postal management treasury was officially issued.
So far, the shelf of the personal pension account finally collects four categories of personal pension savings, personal pension management, personal pension insurance, personal pension pension funds.
According to the report, the first batch of personal pension management property products are all open-ended products of the net public offering class, of which 5 are newly issued, 2 are stored and renewed products, and the remaining 6 are fixed-income products except one are mixed products.
The Beijing Youth Daily reported that four of the five new hairdressing products came from industrial and silver management, all from fixed-income products, with the shortest holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively, 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75% respectively.
The remaining new hairdressing product was “Silver and Silver Wealth Tim Yeeh Hung Kam, with a minimum holding of 1095 days 1” and a fixed-income product, which began on February 10, and ended on February 19, with a risk rating of 2.
Among the two surviving products, one is a 360-day technological innovation of renminbi, a mixed investment, and a three-tiered risk rating.
Another surviving product is “Postal and Silver Wealth Tim Yeeh Hung Kam, with a minimum holding of 365 days 1”, a fixed-income type, launched on December 30, 2007, officially launched on January 4, 2007, and a cumulative net worth of 1.0011 on February 8.
According to the Opinion of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension, financial products that can be invested in personal pension funds include banking, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public pension funds, etc.
The sale of the first batch of personal pension and property products marks the formal purchase of personal pension funds accounts by individual pension investors.
Last November, the CBRC enacted the Interim Measures on the Management of the Individual Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Financial Managers.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal old-age savings, personal pension management property, personal pension insurance products, personal pension fundraising funds, etc. through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of People’s Communications, the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the personal pension system was initiated in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area, Shanxi Jin and other 36 precursor cities and districts.
By the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in personal pensions, 6.13 million participants, and 1.42 billion yuan in total.
Previously, the banks that participated in the trials had only three categories of personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension funds.
Now, when personal pensions are brought together, how do investors choose?
Experts in the Silver and Silver Properties R & D Department said that compared with other personal pension products, the experimental stage of the old-age management and personal pension and property products all have three characteristics.
First, it is steady, the risk management mechanism is more sound, the investment strategy and concept is more steady, and the non-parent bank is administered independently.
The second is the long-term, the testing phase of the aged management and property products for five years and above, the next issue of personal pensions and property, the shortest holding period of 1 year in principle, encourages holding more than 3 years.
Third, the price threshold is low, the starting point is usually 1 yuan, the low to 0.01 yuan, the escrow fee, management fee is more preferential.
Professionals point out that investors should choose according to product characteristics and their own risk-bearing ability.
Individual pension savings have the characteristics of a longer duration, high interest rates and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual pension insurance products are more suitable for people who are unable to undertake investment risks and can accept steady benefits.
Website/Website Reporter Chengjie Co-ordinate / Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - CNN
Another big gym "thunderstorm"?
Recently, the advocacy of fitness members in well-known fitness institutions has attracted the attention of the community.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their store was not operating properly, and rumors about the collapse of the agency caused a panic among members, leading to public security and social involvement.
Finally, the heads of the agency responded by promising to ensure the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members.
Some of the stores in individual fitness institutions have a business problem, temporarily closed, consumers can be moody and wait to solve the problem, why many members of the first response is "a big problem" ?
Behind the advocacy of fitness club members is a deep-rooted problem of industry trust crisis.
Traditional gymnasium in China adopts prepaid model, "to earn money from users" is the basic logic of its development.
Acquiring cashflow through presale membership cards, constantly opening new stores seems to be able to recycle, real food, can not form a steady profit model.
Negative information from gym runways and other industries is frequent, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the market outlook, the gym is certainly a good business with a 'money' business.
Despite the ups and downs of the fitness circuit, the fitness circuit has always attracted the attention of capital.
Multiple data show that stylistic consumption and other areas of rising heat, the market continues to warm.
Specific to the fitness market, along with the steady improvement of the living standard of the residents, the idea of healthy living deep into the people's heart, the fitness industry development is very promising.
The better the situation is, the more important the industry must pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the post-consumption fitness market, has just stepped out of the crisis, blowing the horn of pioneering territory, put a piece of funding into the new store building.
It is undeniable that, in the past few years, many institutions have withdrawn from the pandemic, the industry has reshuffled its licence, the powerful enterprises now selectively intensified the purchase force, re-layout, has not tasted new opportunities.
However, if the fitness market development wants to enter a benign circle, take a steady and steady boulevard, the industry must change the traditional mode, change the business strategy.
Only by steady and steady, re-building consumer trust and security, can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared with the new stores, the fitness industry now more needs to sink the heart to optimize the service, with high quality development to stabilize the user.
First, we need to keep users by service.
The gym belongs to the service industry, its essence is to stick to "user orientation" , tightly around the user demand, focused on the service quality upgrade.
Second, rely on the digital transformation to enhance the user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gymnasium model now allows users to choose their own on-the-spot fees and on-the-spot venues.
Meanwhile, the physical data and motion data can be used effectively, can meet the social needs, realize the complete service loop from online to offline.
Without tutorial promotion, without huge annual cards, users' fears of a bodybuilding agency running down the road, and a sense of trust rose.
In addition, we must actively explore the multi-purpose karma.
Nowadays, sports consumption has gone from single service to scene consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entrance to consumption, surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness appliances that fitness needs or will become a new profitable point for consumers.
Jiang Tianjong
Buy the bidding price!
Nanjing property market reproduce "Profit and Payment" - CNNN
Yangzi Evening News (Mazubo) Yangzi Evening News (Mazubo) Yangzi Evening News (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazuko (Mazubo) Yangzi (Mazuko) Yangzi (Mazuzoo) Yangzi (Mazukoukoi News (Mazuo) announced in an
The terms and conditions of the "Price Premium Agreement"
The property in the new district of Jiangbei, named Pauli Yangtze, looked at Mr. Sun, told reporters that he had found a "statement" during a stroll over the weekend.
Photos issued to reporters showed that the developer of the building promised to purchase the source of the house from the date of the signing of the purchase contract between February 1 and February 28 and deliver the corresponding source of the building. If the discount for other building sources of the project is greater than the discount for the previous purchase (except that the merchandise house belongs to the same building, the same building, the same unit, the same type of unsold commercial house), the developer may exchange the house for the purchaser and refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that it was a "pricing agreement" that aimed to reassure buyers not to worry about lowering prices for development companies.
There are also many buyers who believe that the "Price Purchase Agreement" is a "settlement pill" for home buyers, but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who wants to buy a new apartment in Jiangbei, said that the price of the house should be the same type first, in the same building, the same unit, buyer can compare with the price of the house, so the threshold is still very high.
Home buyers also believe that because information asymmetries do not exclude additional concessions from sales, the buyer's "protection" is difficult.
It remains to be seen whether the buyer can stay
On Nanjing, the reporter enquired about the sale of 252 flats in the first two buildings, 105 square metres, 114 square metres, 129 square metres, etc., the average decoration price is 3,843 yuan per square metres.
However, more than two months later, online real estate showed that 157 unsold sets were sold, accounting for 62.3 percent, 128 sets of 8 buildings, 113 sets of unsold sets, 44 sets of 124 sets of 7 buildings, and 33 sets of total items, accounting for just 13 percent.
Marketers said the "Price Prevention Agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the company launched a "Price Premium Plan" to attract home buyers' attention, which includes a "solemn commitment of the company to refund the difference if the project offers a wider range of benefits within a year."
Since April 2011, Nanjing has also offered 9 homes with a pledge to pay for a "pricing fee" .
"When the property market is warming, it needs a 'heart-boosting agent' more.
Mr Shen, a senior man in Nanjing's property industry, said the "price-settlement agreement" was one of the marketing modes for a home-equity firm.
He argues that developing companies nowadays need more confidence than homebuyers and that a “pricing deal” is actually giving it a boost.
As for keeping a home buyer, he says it remains to be seen, depending on the impact of multiple factors such as regulation policies and loan thresholds.
Recession Data Recession Taiwan's economy is performing poorly in its opening year - China and New Zealand
Xinhua news agency, Taipei, February 11, 2006 (Reporter Zhao Bo, Huangyang) China's export trade volume, manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) for seven consecutive months, consumer price index (CPI) see "three word" . . . . . Recently, the Taiwan authorities released January 2023 economic data.
Expert analysis argues that Taiwan's economy is performing poorly in its first year, and its growth pressure is not small.
Taiwan's exports fell by 21.2 per cent a year in January to $315.1bn, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth, according to the Ministry of Finance.
Exports of 11 major exports compare with the same period last year, with recessions.
Plastic rubber and its products, optical equipment, fell the deepest, 37.6 percent and 35.7 percent respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1 per cent a year, the biggest reduction in the past 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits dropped 18.3 percent annually, their biggest drop in 14 years.
The department's statistics director, Cai Meina, said it showed a diffused demand for consumer electronics industry and the electronics industry entered the revised period.
According to statistics, Taiwan's imports and exports fell double in January, exceeding $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
Taiwan's financial affairs authorities believe that global terminal demand is shrinking, inventories are suppressing manufacturers' willingness to buy, exports are improving in the near term, and Taiwan's export recession is surpassing expectations in the first quarter of this year.
In January, the PMI, the Taiwan Manufacturing Managers Index, adjusted for a seasonal period of 40.4 per cent, fell 3.3 percentage points from December last year for seven consecutive months, according to the Institute for Chinese Economic Research in Taiwan.
In the economic monitoring index system, PMI stands at 50% as a boom line, with an index greater than 50%, representing expansion, and vice versa, austerity.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment contraction, supplier delivery time declined, inventory contraction.
The total return of the six major industries was PMI tightened, with the electric and machinery and equipment industries (35.1%), electronic and optical industries (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industries (45.7%).
On the price side, the Taiwan authorities announced that Taiwan's CPI grew by 3.04% a year in January, a further 3 percent since July.
Vegetable prices jumped 28.25%, a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a specialist member of Taiwan's Main Accounting Office, said that the increase in food prices was surpassing expectations, excluding Spring Festival, and that the average CPI in January and February should be closer to 2.71% in December, with inflationary pressures remaining and remaining high.
Experts have expressed pessimism in Taiwan's economic, synthesis newspaper, Yahoo finance and other island media reports this year.
Wu Dazheng, a professor of economics at Taiwan's Central University, analysed that the export recession could cause cash flow problems for export-manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.
Meanwhile, reducing orders leads manufacturers to cut manpower costs, affecting the labor market and the household economy, in turn hitting consumer capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes inflation in Europe and the United States is unsettled this year, demand continues to shrink, and forecasts that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half.
As Taiwan's economy depends on export support and is affected by the export downturn, the year-round economic growth will be less successful than last year.
"Global Recovery Important Engine" - CNN
“In response to the COVID-19 shock, the Chinese economy showed strong resilience.”
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a Spanish leading expert on China and an honorary consultant to China Policy Watch, said in a recent interview with the newspaper that the country's current prevention and control of the epidemic is entering a new stage and that the vigor of economic and social development will be further released.
China responds with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, reflecting its economic resilience and management level, in the face of a variety of ultra-predictive factors, Mr Rios says.
While China unswervingly expands its opening to the outside world, its endogenous drive for economic development has been steadily strengthened, and its state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed in concert.
Each year the two sessions of the National Committee of the People's Republic of China convene on behalf of its members to discuss the country's overall development plan and the people's livelihood hotspot.
"Since the reform and opening to the outside world, China has achieved long-term high-speed development, and now it has entered a high-quality stage of development.
The international community expects the wisdom of China and the Chinese programme, and expects China's development to bring about new opportunities for the world.
Mr Rios said China is now fully committed to promoting scientific and technological innovation and injecting new impetus into economic and social development, with “capital inputs, talent cultivation and policy incentives that allow China to remain dynamic in the new five-year plan.”
To Rios, economic restructuring is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the CPC, China gives full play to the strengths of the market economy and the advantages of the socialist system and takes active and active measures to stabilize the economy.
With a view to expanding the strategic bases of domestic demand, strengthening financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, sticking to innovative development, promoting employment, raising the Chinese people's income and living standards, meeting the people's multi-level and diverse consumption demand....
This year is the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
“Stable economic recovery after the pandemic is the common goal of the international community.”
The unleashed potential of China's economic development will bring more benefits to the rest of the world and become an important engine of global recovery.
Mr Rios said he looked forward to working together to build “one belt and one road” to continue to play an important role in improving countries’ infrastructure levels and strengthening interconnection in various fields, and to continue to release greater kinetic energy.
(Madrid Telegraph)
( People's Daily Reporter Yan Huan )
Report: In 2022, the number of overseas students returned to China to seek a new high school-new network
China Sea Returns Employment Survey Report 2022
According to the China Maritime Residential Employment Survey 2022, issued recently by the China Menrui, the number of overseas students returned to China increased by 8.6 percent year-on-year in 2022, and the number of overseas students returned to China was renewed and the demand for overseas talents rose.
Since 2020, there has been a marked increase in the number of returned students seeking jobs in China, the report says.
Compared with 2021, the number of foreign students enrolled in 2022 grew by 8.6 percent year-on-year, and the number of overseas students returned to China reached a record high.
The UK has the highest percentage of returning students, with 41.4 per cent, followed by Australia (20.3 per cent) and the US (9 per cent), ranking consistent with 2021.
According to the same rate of growth, the number of foreign students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore rose significantly in 2022, representing 66.1 percent, 50.9 percent and 37.7 percent, respectively.
The number of foreign students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia dropped year-on-year.
The first week after the 2023 Spring Festival, Haigui Talents Supply and Demand Movement Photograph: China Sea Return of Employment Survey 2022
According to the survey, 58 percent of foreign students who decided to return home thought it was more convenient, 40 percent decided to return home because they were more convinced of the cultural environment at home, 32% believed that domestic employment opportunities were more, and 22% believed that domestic economic activity would speed up recovery and increase employment opportunities.
According to the data, the demand for overseas talents of domestic enterprises has been rapidly released, and the demand for Haigui talents has been rising.
In the first week after the Spring Festival of 2023, the number of preferred jobs and the number of preferred jobs at home rose, and the number of preferred jobs on February 3 rose 11% over January 28, and the number of preferred jobs at sea grew 27%.
According to industry, the number of jobs in the education/training sector was 27.8 per cent of the preferred jobs in 2022, ranking first, with the professional services/consulting, Internet/e-business sector ranked second by 14.3 per cent and 11.1 per cent respectively.
Changes in the Number of Returns at Home in recent years Chart : China Sea Returns Employment Survey Report 2022
In terms of compensation, the average salary of recruitment for a top job rose for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan (yuan, the same month) in 2022, representing an increase of 961 yuan (yuan) and a growth of 7% over the 13,719 yuan (yuan) per month in 2021.
In 2022, the willingness of the Haigui community to move to the new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, third-tier cities, and the following cities increased, with the share of delivery in 2022 being 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively.
The 52.7 per cent sign of a returnee was almost complied with expectations, up 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9 per cent).
28.2% of nautical indications are above or far above expectations, compared with 25.4% in 2021.
(finish)
Half or even more?
Henan Provincial Standard Integrated Oral Cultivation Medical Service Price - CNNN
CCTV News: Growing a tooth is an ideal choice for many patients with defective teeth, but has always been a fee of $10,000 for many patients to look at.
Since the beginning of this year, with the acceleration of planting tooth collection landing, the price reduction of planting tooth will be raised everywhere.
Since February 10, the price of a single conventional cropping tooth medical service in Henan Province has been set at $4,300, and the cost of a single conventional cropping process is not higher than the target of 97%.
Tooth implantation is a tooth-deficit restoration method based on the lower structure of the bone implantation tissue.
From the first affiliated hospital at Zhengzhou University, the reporter realized that, for example, a single conventional planting, from planting to final restoration, would cost about $1,67,000.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that, like me, it was almost 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically half saved.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has consolidated 15 oral cropping medical service pricing projects, including implant implantation fee (single) and other cropping fees, and unified 20 medical service pricing projects, including dental implant implantation fee.
Li Yunjie, Director of Medical Prices and Tenders Procurement, Department of Medical Security Bureau of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau Medical Prices and Tenders Li Yunjie: Benefits are mainly quadrangle, one is medical insurance, the other is medical insurance, the other is less expensive; the hospital has less pressure, the patient will appropriately increase; to the supplier has a market; to our patient is the most profitable side, the cost of implanting a tooth may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: To build China's first and world leading speed pioneer city - Central New Net
On 11 February, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Speedy Pioneer Urban Construction Action Plan".
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, high-capacity, low-cost, low-cost super broadband network will be built to achieve the goal of building a "double gigabit, all-ray network, 1 millisecond, all-around" network.
The plan aims to speed up the upgrade of the Gigabit Network.
By the end of 2023, 10G PON ports accounted for 100%, and over 100 optical industrial parks (property parks).
The plan calls for a comprehensive 5G network empowerment.
This paper studies the standard of service quality of 5G network in Shenzhen, conducts 5G network testing and evaluation, and improves 5G network service quality.
Supports basic telecommunications enterprises to increase their optimization of key areas and sites 5G networks, adding 10,000 base stations throughout the year, reaching an average download rate of 500 Mbps and 100 Mbps, with download rates of 1,000 Mbps, uplink rates of 200 Mbps, and a significant increase in network speed and user experience.
Building a high-quality wireless LAN in the city.
Formulating the WLAN service specification for public places, promoting the upgrading of WLAN in densely intensive and information-consumption-intensive areas throughout the city, and providing gigabit access capability.
Based on the "Deep-i-net" construction of the city's unified certification and regulatory platform for public wireless LAN, a "one-time certification, unconscious roaming, intelligent switch" is realized, and the operating entity supports the inclusion of a social self-building AP (wireless access point) with public service capability into the certification regulatory platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded APs was no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan proposes building high-quality all-optical operating networks, building a multi-level arithmetic supply system, speeding up the construction of key communications network facilities and improving Internet application services.
The plan is clear and synergistic to construct the object synergistic perception system.
The exploration is based on the Open Source Hummond operating system, the construction and management mode of Urban Perception Terminal, the reduction of docking costs, accelerated the construction of Urban-class Identification Platform, and accelerated the development of Urban-class Identification Platform.
We will deepen the application of material links in urban management, livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand the fixed perception of urban roads, buildings and public facilities as well as the mobile perception and acquisition channels of intelligent networked automobiles.
By the end of 2023, the number of hydraulic and electrical connection sensor terminals exceeded nine million, creating 20 multi-functional intelligent rod application demonstration projects.
The plan also mentions strengthening the application of satellite and ground communications integration, layout of low-altitude network infrastructure, and pushing forward the depth coverage of the 5G network at sea.
Meanwhile, we will promote the deep coverage of the 5G network at sea, build ecology for industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top competitions and activities.
(Central New Business)
China's electrical industry surges "new variables" , how to carry the "content as king" ?
- CNNN
China's electronics industry is emerging as a "new variable" , how can the goods be carried "content is king" .
Finance and Economics Reporter Xiabin
"We enter the electronics business is late, but from the very beginning we realize that it is important to stand out from tens of millions of shops.
Fangfang, a girl from Guangdong, now runs a tonic store in Jieying Electric and lets a 30-odd-odd-odd-odd-odd-odd-line store blossom online.
Imitate old Hong Kong film tone, with classic Cantonese song, open @ aromatic a person dithering sound account, exquisite video refreshing.
In a recent jittery electronics businessman "searching for peers. Quality content sharing special venue", Fangfang, as a representative of quality creator, introduced the experience and experience of everyday creation.
"When the videos are polished," she said on the scene, "with a lot of attention from netizens, a lot of people interested in the ingredients of my family and trying to cook a gourmet, the market just turned on.
"
Fangfang leans on soup videos to make more people love the "old flavor", a live broadcast that sells up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saves the home of a near-closed old store.
"Contentless, non-electronic" , with the development of short video and live broadcasting appliances, people's requirements and standards for electrical content are entering a new stage.
In the early stages of the development of live broadcast belts, live broadcasts often attracted users with low-cost discounts, price advantages seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, both Liu Yuehong and Oriental Selection Class V, but also in the vertical subdivision of many unknown daisy and businessmen, by continually creating the quality content that suits their brands to enhance long-term operating efficiency.
In the past year, 6.27 million creators have turned their content through jittery telecommunications, with a 252 per cent increase in content creation and more than double the total, said Gao Yaxuan, director of Jittery Electric's star-star operator.
“Behind these figures, we can feel an ecology of a booming, vibrant author.”
" said Gao Yaxuan.
Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University has released the ECHI Report, analyzing the importance of “new variables” – quality content in the current electrical industry, and evaluating the ecology of the 27 mainstream electrical platforms at home.
According to the aforementioned report of the electronics industry content ecological health index, jittering electronics, fast hand, Taobao, plenty of plenty of plenty of plenty of plenty, Beijing
The report argues that ecology is a comprehensive concept that integrates electronics and content, but not all content, good PGC (professional production) and UGC (user original content) are the quality carriers that integrate with electronics, the more valuable the content platform, the more abundant the consumer and promotion scenes, the higher the likelihood that electronics are embedded in, and the stronger the commercial value, the more electronics and content consumption in the public and private spheres are gradually integrated into the distribution of electronics.
On the spot, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication at Beijing Normal University and a director of the China Media Economics and Management Committee, Yu Guoming, made an analysis interpretation of the Report.
In terms of content value, the current electronics industry has shifted from "consumption accessible" to "consumption quality" stage, with quality, professional, and differential content being "hard currency" in the electronics industry, he said.
Meanwhile, content became a fundamental and grasp in the new stage of electrical business development, and PGC content, such as knowledge fee, expertise, and KOL (critical opinion leaders), began to be standardized in electrical telecasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the electrical business industry, Guoming put forward two proposals.
One is from the viewpoint of content improvement, promote the eco-health degree and quality of the electronics business, create positive content creation and management standards, realize the eco-health system index and dynamic equilibrium of the electronics industry.
Another is from the external ecology to realize the healthy development of content electronics industry and the external environment of value synergies.
“In the future, the electrical and commercial industries will need more data, artificial intelligence support, forming predictions of future development stability, and providing more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants to achieve the synergies of the value of enterprises, users, products and services in the electrical industry, creating a healthy content ecology.”
" (Finished)
Beixiang Financing and Loans and Loans Trading Business Next Week Starts - CNN
This report (Sun Jie) issued last night, with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange financing and lending business will be officially launched on February 13, when a securities firm that has acquired the lending and lending rights of the North Stock Exchange can be entrusted by investors to file a declaration of lending and lending to the North Stock Exchange.
The list of the first batch of 56 bidding stocks was set on January 31, 2023 as the base date for calculation.
Beijiang said the list of stocks and the list of bonds eligible for bond lending will be published through the information disclosure-finance lending information section of the Beijiang Stock Exchange's official website, which will facilitate investors to inquire.
Financing and lending is an important basic system in securities market and a mature trading mode in international securities market.
On September 2, 2007, the North Stock Exchange publicly sought advice on the lending business as it announced the anniversary of the establishment.
The start of the lending and lending is an important step in continuously promoting the construction of the market system, perfecting the trading mechanism and upgrading the secondary market pricing function.
The financing and lending system is conducive to enriching the investor trading strategy, meeting the investor's diverse trading demand, promoting market price discovery, further improving the liquidity of the market.
The next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, will continue to do a good job in guaranteeing the securities lending business, investor demand as a guide to enrich the trading system tools, perfect the supporting mechanism, and strive to build the first-rate exchanges for service innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Integrated Forum on Energy-saving and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing. He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech on CNN
Xinhua News Agency (Beijing) February 11, the 16th China-Japan Integrated Forum on Energy Savings and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline.
Members of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the National Development and Reform Commission are represented in the main forum and give keynote speeches.
He noted that the holding of this forum was an important step in fulfilling the consensus between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Manchuo Kishida and strengthening China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will carry out the spirit of the 20th CPC in an all-round way, speed up the green transition in the mode of development, step up the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon neutrality at the peak of carbon dioxide, promote carbon dioxide reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, saving aggregate and low carbon development.
China is ready to work with Japan to continue to deepen green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and humanities exchanges, and push forward the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new stage.
Japan's Minister of Economy and Industry, Kangmori Nishimura, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The Forum is jointly organized by the China National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economic Industry, the Ministry of Commerce, the Japan-China Economic Association, and the Japan-China Economic Association.
Representatives from the Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises and institutions exchanged.
China Rescue Teams Continued Rescue Operations in Turkey Rescue 4 trapped people - CNN
On February 10, a Chinese rescue team searched and rescued in Turkey sent three operations teams, 45 rescuers and one rescuer to rescue a trapped man, according to the Ministry of Emergency Management.
Two search teams were sent to evaluate 15 buildings on Vodabash Avenue.
So far, four stranded people have been rescued, five have been recovered, and 25 have been identified with life signs and risk assessments.
Rescue teams will, in accordance with the actual situation in the disaster-stricken areas and on the spot, scientifically adjust the rescue force, and carry out rescue work in depth.
Rescue teams obtain aid requests through embassies, local governments, United Nations aid organizations and other channels, and verify them one by one through online enquiries and on-site searches.
The Hong Kong Rescue Team of China is briefed on the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings and other conditions, joint search operation.
Jointly with the Italian Rescue Teams is responsible for the Regional Coordination (SSC5), while three teams are deployed to the Regional Rescue Coordinating Centre 5, to communicate with a number of teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and to learn about the work of the United Nations Rescue Organization and national relief teams.
Rescue teams continued to strengthen safety management and team security.In accordance with the principle of "unified command and safety first", they strengthened safety control on the scene, strengthened rescue work discipline and defined safety concerns.
Continuous operation of wheel logistics and sentry work system to strengthen the security management of the camp.
Rescue team medical personnel daily provide physical check-up service to the team members, strengthen the medical security of key personnel, current rescue team healthy and carry out the camp district killing.
Since the establishment of the camp, logistics support teams have set up four large 26 field battle tents, command communications, equipment storage, medical washing, living accommodation and doghouses, ensuring more than 30 kits for on-site rescue.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting modernization of the Chinese style is a systematic project - a major speech by General Secretary Xi Jinping in learning to implement the 20th spiritual seminar of the Party - China News Network
Xinhua news agency BEIJING, 11February 11: Promoting modernization of the Chinese style is a systematic engineering-four important speeches made by General Secretary Xi Jinping in learning to implement the twenty-seventh spiritual seminars of the Party
Xinhua News Agency commentators
"Promoting the modernization of the Chinese style is a systematic project that requires overall planning, systematic planning and overall promotion, and correctly handles a series of important relationships between top design and practice exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, dynamism and order, self-reliance and opening to the outside world.
In the opening ceremony of the 20th Annual Workshop on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the Party's Spirit in the New Era, Xi Jinping General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the law of modernization and systematically formulated a series of important relationships that need to be addressed in practice, thus providing scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote the modernization of the Chinese style.
Promoting the modernization of the Chinese style involves all aspects of economic, political, cultural, social and ecological civilization, as well as all aspects related to governing the country's military, internal and foreign affairs, defense and other aspects.
To carry out a top-level design, we need to insight into the world's development trend, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people and explore in-depth the laws of economic and social development so as to ensure that the enacted planning and policy system reflects the times, grasps the regularity and creativity, and achieve long-term integration, coherence and coordination of contents.
Promoting the modernization of the Chinese style is an exploratory undertaking, and many unknown fields, it is necessary to explore boldly in practice, promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation, and never engrave in seeking a sword and keeping a rabbit.
Strategic issues are a fundamental issue of a political party and a country.
To promote the modernization of the Chinese style, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of the strategy, foresee the future with scientific strategy and lead the future.We must strengthen the overall nature of the strategy, focus on solving major issues concerning the success or failure of the Party and the country's cause, and lead the country in a comprehensive way.
We must scientifically grasp the dialectical unification of strategy and strategy, combine the principle of strategy with flexibility of strategy, flexibly, stochastic and critical decisions, and grasp strategic initiative in the light of local conditions, mobility, mobility, and prosperity.
The Chinese nation is a genuinely innovative nation.
To handle the relationship between positive and innovative, we must adhere to the essence, essence, and major principles of modernization of the Chinese style, ensure the correct orientation of the Chinese style, and ensure the Chinese modernization.We must, in line with the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively seeking change and straining, vigorously pushing forward reform and innovation, constantly shaping up new motives for development, and fully arousing the creativity of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We should promote the modernization of the Chinese style, and not only create more efficient than capitalism, but also safeguard social fairness more effectively, and achieve better efficiency and fairness, promote and unite with each other.
To handle the relationship between good efficiency and fairness, and constantly realize development for the people and for development by the people and the people and the fruits of development shared by the people so that the achievements of modernization will be more equitable and more beneficial to the people as a whole.
Promoting the modernization of the Chinese style requires handling the relationship between vigor and order so that the society is dynamic and orderly.
We need to make overall plans for development and security, implement the overall state security concept, improve the state security system, enhance national security capability, and steadfastly safeguard the security of state power, system security, ideological security and key areas.
In the course of development, more safety considerations will be given to improving national security strength through development, strengthening the foundations of national security by using development results, building a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly arousing development vitality, and achieving a benign interaction between high-quality development and high level of security.
To push forward the modernization of the Chinese style, we must not only stick to our own path, but also expand the world's sight, persist in opening to the outside world, and constantly expand the scope and depth of the modernization of the Chinese style.
We must adhere to independence and self-reliance, insist on putting the development of the state and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and firmly grasp the fate of our development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to keep opening to the outside world at a high level, deeply participate in the division of labor and cooperation of global industries, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the space for China's modernization, and share development opportunities and create a bright future through win-win progress.
If you follow the path, you will be a long way off.
Under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and under the guidance of the Science of Socialist Thoughts with Chinese Characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping, we must grasp the law, do everything we can, give full play to initiative, initiative and creativity, correctly handle a series of important relations, and work hard to modernize the country in an all-round way.
The Biden administration listed six Chinese entities suspected of participating in a spy balloon program on Friday (February 10).
The Commerce Department says the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernise the Chinese military, particularly in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies listed on the blacklist have difficulty obtaining US technology exports.
The list is known as the Entity list, and companies listed in it will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they receive a special export license from the US Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Airborne Technology Co. Ltd, China Electronics Technology Co. Ltd, China Electronics Technology Co. 48 Institute, Dongguan Ling Airborne Remote Sensing Technology Co. Ltd, Eaglemen Aviation Technology Co. Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co. Ltd. and Shanxi Eaglemen Aviation Technology Corporation
Previously, the White House said it was considering broader measures to “disclosure and tackle” China’s larger surveillance activities that threaten US national security.
The balloon triggered further tensions between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State John Blinken canceled a trip to China.
The United States struck down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government raised serious diplomatic ties with the US embassy in Beijing, criticizing the United States for its serious impact and damaging efforts and processes to stabilize China-US relations.
From existing wreckage evidence and information on Chinese military procurement platforms, the US government concluded that the balloon manufacturer was "directly associated with the PLA" and was a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
Speaking at a news conference Friday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said China has repeatedly stated its position and stated its position on an unplanned incident involving a Chinese unmanned airship into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Foreign Ministry website, she added that the U.S. Congress's resolutions were purely political foolishness and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and resolutely opposed.
Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export law enforcement at the US Department of Commerce, said: “Today's actions show that we have identified and stopped China's efforts to use spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
"
An employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd, said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further, Reuters reported.
The Chinese embassy in the United States has not commented on the information.
(Reuters etc)
Germany's Voice Copyright Statement of 2023: All contents of this article are protected by copyright laws, and may not be used without the special authorization of the German Voice.
Any misconduct will lead to prosecution and criminal prosecution.
Hopes for survivors are fading in the days since the quakes in Turkey and parts of Syria, but a five-point rescuer on Saturday has greatly comforted rescuers.
According to the Associated Press, the family was rescued after more than five days of trapping in the ruins of the heavy-hit town of Nurdai, Gaziantep.
Rescue workers dragged their mother and daughter out of the rubble and then found their father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, there was a cheering among the crowd.
A 16-year-old teenager and a 70-year-old woman were rescued in the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmarash, in harsh and cold weather conditions.
`What day is it today?
" -- The 129-hour teenager, trapped in ruins, asked the rescuer after being brought back to the ground.
A man in Kahraman Marash held the cat he had just been rescued
The miraculous success of rescues brought a glimmer of light to the search and rescue efforts that had been hoped for, but at the same time, the number of victims was rising.
According to official statistics, Monday's quake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, with the death toll estimated at more than 3,500 in neighboring Syria.
Although experts say people survive more than a week after being trapped in ruins, hopes of finding more survivors are becoming increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging to search for signs of life under the rubble.
Meanwhile, the focus of relief efforts has shifted to helping desperate survivors.
United Nations Officers: Disasters in the region's "100 Years of Unexpected"
Martin Griffiths, United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a press conference in Turkey that the quake was "the worst catastrophe in the region for a century".
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "unusual".
He also told Reuters that he hoped to deliver the rescue to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the rebels, but said it was "not clear" .
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief donations to Syria's earthquake-stricken population.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it had allocated $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Earthquake in Chile (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on 22 May 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5 earthquakes.
Within ten minutes, the whole city of Valdivia became ruins.
The huge tsunami that followed the quake hit the coastline of Chile, lifting a huge tsunami at a height of 25 m.
The tsunami spread to faraway Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and economic losses caused by such a catastrophe cannot be precisely known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday and also a day of pity for Jesus.
The largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake remains the world's third-largest earthquake ever recorded.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke in Prince William's Bay near the college fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted three minutes to five minutes.
The bed displacement triggered a huge tsunami at an altitude of 67 m.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake caused 139 deaths.
Nine of them died directly from the earthquake, and 130 others died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China experienced two or more magnitude 7 earthquakes in 16 hours.
The source is 23 kilometers from the ground.
Tangshan city traffic, communications, water supply, and electricity were interrupted, and razed to the ground in an instant.
Beijing, the capital of 140km away, also has a strong sense of earthquake.
According to official statistics, 24,2769 people were killed and 1,648,51 seriously injured in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second most deadly earthquake in China, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
But overseas scientists estimate that the quake could have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Earthquakes in the Indian Ocean (2004)
On 26 December 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km west of Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 km and a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami that reached a height of 15 to 30 m.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst-hit areas of the Pacific coast, including Indonesian provinces of Qi, Thai-Xaoli and Puji, Sri Lanka, and Tamil Pradesh, India.
During the Christmas tourist boom season, the affected areas gathered a large number of passengers and local residents, resulting in a tsunami that caused many travellers on the beach to enjoy holidays and locals working on the seaside.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people were killed and missing.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On 12 May 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake has a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a magnitude of 8.3, destroying more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of 25 September 2008, 692,227 people were killed, 17,923 missing, 3,74643 injured to varying degrees, 9.03 million missing homes, and 46.256 million affected.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and one of the worst casualties since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council announced that May 12 will be a disaster prevention and reduction day each year, strengthening education and attention to disaster prevention and reduction.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held earthquake-proof exercises on this day of the year.
Primary and secondary schools also began to pay attention to the popularization of earthquake prevention and mitigation education.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Earthquakes in Haiti (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake of magnitude 7.0 occurred in Haiti, the Caribbean island of Haiti.
The epicentre is located 25 km southwest of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, and is located 13 km away from the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is about three million.
The Haitian government has reported more than 200,000 dead.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90% of homes were destroyed in the quake.
While the international community has provided a great deal of assistance and support, the poor, corrupt and overpopulated country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Northeast Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a magnitude 9.0 earthquake occurred off the coast of northeast Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital city of Miyagi, with a depth of 24 kilometers and triggering a huge tsunami that reached a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
The earthquake was the first earthquake in Japan to have recorded a magnitude of more than 9 earthquakes.
About 22,000 people were killed in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The first nuclear power plant in Fukushima was affected by the earthquake tsunami.
The accident was classified as the most serious seventh in the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident resulted in the measurement of trace radioactive substances worldwide, including iodine-131, cesium-137, and a half-life of 30 years.
Large amounts of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of nuclear accidents.
According to the United Nations, at least 87,000 people are in urgent need of food in the quake-hit areas of both countries.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes because of the earthquake.
The World Food Program (WFP) has called for $77 million to provide food for victims displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is low to zero, many disaster victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed a great deal of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but the supplies are still difficult to deliver to people in need.
In Syria, a 12-year-old country trapped in the midst of a civil war, the earthquake has exacerbated the sufferings of its citizens.
Within four days of the quake, the WFP has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(AP, Reuters etc.)
Germany's Voice Copyright Statement of 2023: All contents of this article are protected by copyright laws, and may not be used without the special authorization of the German Voice.
Any misconduct will lead to prosecution and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Circular: The Police Department calls on the public to beware of fraudulent messages by counterfeit telecommunications companies
In recent days, a number of telecommunications fraud cases have been reported.Official fraudulent text messages attached to a Web link have been sent to the owner by the Australian Telecommunications Corporation.
According to the instructions the owner inputs the credit card information and validation code, then receives the financial institution notification of the unspecified consumption record, suspects that the credit card information has been stolen from the above website.
It was verified that the relevant telecommunications companies did not send the aforementioned SMS.
We urge members of the public to be vigilant if they receive text messages similar to cellphone messages and do not log in to the SMS website links or provide any personal data. If they are requested to provide credit card information, account transaction password, transaction authentication code, they will be more cautious in preventing the stolen credit card from being stolen.
Anti-cheating tip:
1. Focus more on network security information, enhance personal defense awareness;
2. Do not casually log on to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the site to prevent them from being stolen;
Be alert to fake websites and fishing websites, always be aware of whether the website URLs are fully compatible with official websites;
4. install antivirus software for cell phones, mobile devices or computers, and update regularly;
5. In case of any fraud or other crime, call the Police Station Fraud Control Enquiry Hotline at 8800 7777 or report hotline 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism facilities in Macau
Tourist bureau organizes a large Hong Kong tour of more than 100 people comprising representatives of the tourism sector, tourism industry and media to Macau.In addition to working meetings and industry talks, representatives of the Hong Kong travel industry and the media have visited various tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in a two-day (10 and 11) schedule.
In-kind Visit to Introduce a New Macau Tourism Play
The 100-member Hong Kong Tourism Leaders of the Tourism-related Department of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives of travel agencies and cross-boundary traffic operators from Hong Kong and Macao, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, Internet media representatives and blogging/net Hong Kong, etc., visited Macao to exchange views on the latest tourism resources of Macao.
Two Days Closer Journeys for Business Opportunities
The group visited the World Heritage Sites “Macau Historic City Area”, the Macau Grand Racing Museum, the “Time-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Transitor-Taiba” in two days, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities: Upper-Portin, The Karl Lagerfeld, Yongli Palace, Megame, Mopers, Macau, Macau Gal, Macau, Macau, Macau Gal, Macau Gal, Macau Gal, Art Sil, Art Gal, Art Silvern, Art Silvern, Art Silvern, Art Silvern, Art Silvern, and Macau Silvern
Members of the tour will share Macau tourism resources and travel experiences to Hong Kong residents through visiting Macau tourism facilities and visiting Macau's "Tourism+" elements in person, integrating Macau's latest tourism products and selling them to Hong Kong residents.
To attract Hong Kong visitors to Hong Kong and Macau "link travel"
With the opportunity of customs clearance, the Tourism Bureau has launched advertising campaigns in the Hong Kong market and offered various discounts, including the introduction of travel tickets to and from Hong Kong and Macau, to launch advertising on the offline platform.
Following the invitation of Hong Kong Tourism Industry Leaders to visit Macau for exchange visits and Hong Kong Net Hong Kong to visit the Macau Tourism+, the tourism industry and media representatives of Hong Kong will again visit Macau, enhance marketing efforts, attract Hong Kong travellers to Macau to stay in Hong Kong, and co-operate with Hong Kong and Macau to explore the link between the Mainland and overseas markets to promote the revival of the tourism industry between the two places.
Xi Jinping responded by inspiring Chinese Afrikaans Chinese medical team members to benefit the local people by benevolence and benevolence to tell the Chinese story - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huashing Online
Xi Jinping responded by inspiring Chinese and African medical team members to help the local people with benevolence and benevolence by telling the Chinese story well with practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [source: Xinhua News Agency] font size: font size: big and medium
Xinhua news agency BEIJING, 10 February Xinhua news agency BEIJING, President of the CMC, and President of the CMC, Xi Jinping, responded by sending a letter to the 19th batch of Chinese medical personnel assisting the Central African Republic, greeting them and sending a message of great gratitude to the Chinese medical staff.
In his reply, Xi said that you overcame the difficulties in working life in Central Africa, serving the local people with your heart, as an angel in the white dress of saving and saving the wounds, and as a friendly messenger of friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese foreign aid medical teams, and I would like to extend my sincere condolences to my comrades who have performed medical missions for foreign aid.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and aiding foreign medicine is a vivid embodiment.
We hope that you will not forget your original heart, bear in mind your mission, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, willing to embrace hardship, dedicate, save the dead, help the wounded, love the bliss of the blissful, benevolent, benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and benevolent, and helpful to the local people, and give good
Medical aid is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, our country sent its first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, 30,000 medical personnel have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania and 290 million patients have been treated, winning acclaim from the international community.
Currently, aid teams work in 115 medical centers in 56 countries, nearly half of them in remote and harsh areas.
In recent days, 11 of the 19th batch of Chinese and African medical teams sent a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on learning to follow the Party's 20th spirit and provide medical services to the local people and expressing their determination to contribute to building a human health community.
Members, alternate members, and provincial leading cadres at the new Central Committee learn to carry out Xi Jinping's New Era of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the Party's Twenty-second Lecture Seminar on the Spirit of the Party - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - Hua Sing Online
Members, alternate members, and leading cadres at the provincial level study to carry out Xi Jinping's New Era of Socialism Ideology with Chinese Characteristics and the Party's Twentieth Spirit Seminar
: 2023-02-11 13:07:20 [source: Xinhua News Agency] font: : font: font: font: font: font: font: font: font
Xinhua news agency BEIJING, 10 February Xinhua news agency BEIJING, a member, alternate member, and leading provincial cadres learn to carry out Xi Jinping's New Age socialist Ideology and the Party's 20th spiritual symposium on socialism with Chinese characteristics and the Party's 20th spiritual symposium.
He said that we should study deeply and carry out the important speech spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar.We should more firmly support the "two affirmations" and resolutely do "two safeguards," reinforce our abilities, earnestly grasp the reality of the Chinese modernization, and earnestly promote the achievement of the Chinese modernization in an all-round effort to build a socialist modern country and promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the course of the seminar, all students, guided by Xi Jinping's idea of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, conscientiously studied the 20th spirit of the Party and the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, exchanged in depth and deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues concerning the modernization of the Chinese style, strengthened the confidence and determination of the Chinese nation, under the firm leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and strengthened the sense of responsibility and mission of ensuring a good start of the new era.
In the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar spoke, reporting on learning gains.
Cai said that learning to implement Xi Jinping's 20th National Congress of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics is not only a major political task for the current and future periods, but also a long-term strategic task.
We must deepen our understanding of the decisive significance of "two affirmations," resolutely safeguard Xi Jinping's central position as General Secretary, uphold central authority and centralized and unified leadership, constantly improve political judgment, political comprehension and political execution, and remain highly consistent with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in ideological and political actions.
We must strive to master Marxist theory as a viewer and consciously use the Party's innovative theory to arm the mind, guide the practice, promote the work, study deeply, consciously, earnestly, learn firm belief, learn absolute loyalty, learn out the mission.
We should carry out the twenty-second decision-making arrangements of the CPC in a spiritually active manner, solidly push forward the modernization of the Chinese style, sleeve and refuel drier, plunge into a good "construction leader" , one step and one step print to make the blueprint a reality.
We must bear in mind that the Party is always on the road to strict ruling the Party and the Party's self-revolution will always be on the road.We must compact and suppress the Party's political responsibility in an all-round way, take the Party's political building as the leader, and push forward the new great project of building the Party in the New Age.
We must strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people's abilities, prevent and defuse risks, thrive on the trend of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucraticism.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google AI chat robot The parent company's share price has evaporated by hundreds of billions of dollars
(Integrated 11th Electric)
Google's new AI chat robot, Bard, was unfavourable, causing Alphabet's shares to tumble 8.9 per cent on Wednesday, down below $100, with a market value of $110bn ($476.5bn) and $94.57 by Friday's closing.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as close as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google released an AI chat robot, Bard, an announcement in social media earlier, in which one asked Bard: "Can I tell my 9-year-old about the new discovery of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?
In response, Bard noted that the telescope had taken the first photo of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
Reuters reported more on the plunge in Alphabet's share price after Bard answered the wrong answer.
On the other hand, Google noted that Bard's response "underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process", combining external feedback with its own internal tests to ensure that Bard's response "high standards on quality, security, and real information".
Tourism Recovery in Singapore Entry Passengers are 19 times more than they were in 2021
Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international visitors to Singapore in 2023 is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about 18 billion to 21 billion yuan in tourism revenue; the number of passengers and tourism revenues will return to about 67-75 percent before the COVID-19 pandemic; and the likelihood of a full-scale recovery in tourism in 2024.
In 2022, the tourism market in Singapore was gradually restarted and restored.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Administration, the number of arrivals rose 19-fold from 3,306,000 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the 4-6 million previously estimated by the Tourism Board and returning to a 33% pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, tourism revenues in Singapore totaled 8.96 billion yuan, with an estimated annual tourism revenue of 13.8 billion yuan to 14.3 billion yuan in 2022, six to seven times the figure of 18.9 billion yuan in 2021, and reaching about 50% to 52 percent before the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Government of Singapore has stepped up efforts to speed up the recovery of tourism.
In April 2022, the government announced that nearly 500 million yuan would be allocated to stimulate tourism recovery.
Tourism bureau has announced plans to allocate $110 million from the budget in the next two years to launch more business and leisure activities to attract visitors back.
To make healthy living a tourist attraction in Singapore, the Singapore Tourism Board announced on 23 November 2022 an intent to solicit an event to develop a healthy habitat on the southern coast of Singapore.
'In recent years, more and more tourists have placed their health first,' said Wang Linglii, executive director of Sports and Conservation Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board.
The development of a healthy recreational attraction in the coastal bay garden and coastal levee in the south coastal area of the coastal bay is expected to contribute to the tourism and economy of Singapore, allowing visitors to consume and stay longer in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, head of tourism for Singapore, said healthy rearing will be an important part of Singapore's tourism products in the next few years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has boosted public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the tourism bureau has been promoting healthy rearing programs to local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board hosted the first Health Care Festival, providing more than 130 health activities and experiences to the public.
Singapore will continue to provide visitors with a new travel experience.
In addition to the newly opened children's museums in Singapore, the Avanta World in Binhai Bay Garden, the new Exploration New Areas in the Central Beach Market, the Art Science Museum, and the newly built outdoor theatre at Night Wildlife Park, the Tourism Board will support the development and update of the World Wildlife Wildlife Park, making Singapore an attractive international tourist destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the tourism industry during the year 2023 and focus on improving waste disposal and carbon emissions, further improving the tourism environment.
The recovery of tourism in Singapore has accelerated the aviation recovery.
As of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport had a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with up to 150,000 passengers a day, about 1 million passengers a week, or about 75% of airline employees before the COVID-19 pandemic, and about 90% of airline employees returning to the pre-pandemic level.
According to data, between January and October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million passengers, equivalent to 42% before the COVID-19 pandemic, and 17,000 departures, 53 percent before the pandemic.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also led to a recovery in residential, transportation, restaurants and shopping sectors.
Singapore's government and tourism are pinning high hopes on the Chinese market.
'Singapore's security index is among the top three in the world,' says Ko Shutan, assistant director of the International Division of the Singapore Tourism Administration.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, some 3.6 million Chinese travel to Singapore each year for holidays.
As China relaxes its border policy, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will be restored to between 30% and 60% in 2019.
According to Mr Ko, the tourism bureau will follow closely China's signals of further releasing of travel policy in response to changes in tourists' demands.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with China's online travel platforms and travel agencies, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare for new trends outside China.
Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the pace of tourism recovery will be faster than expected if there is no significant recession affecting public revenues and no further outbreaks of deadly pandemics.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter were close to each other.
The 75th Anniversary of the Armed Forces Day parade was held on the evening of the 8th, with Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Jong-il, attended not only, but also, along with his father, stood on the podium.
The film was released on 9 September, when King loved to snuggle up beside his father, watching him tenderly and whispering, she held his father's cheeks in both hands, even touching his father's chest, and animated pictures of her father and daughter were shown to the top and bottom of the country.
However, First Lady Li Xuehong could only retreat to one side.
In an official photo of Kim Jong-un and Lee Shu's daughter, Kim Jong-un, attending a dinner feast on the 7th, she and Kim Jong-un mounted the presidency together at the 75th Anniversary of the Military Day in the middle of their parents.
North Korean media "Korea Central Television" later released a parade video, exposing more paternal affections.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium, the smiles on both faces never receded and whispered to each other, and Kim Jong-un responded with a smiling smile when he held his father's cheeks in both hands.
Other media screens also show that the Lord loved Kim and Kim Jong-un, sitting in an indoor sofa chair, constantly touching his father's face; she walked with her father in her arm in her arms and felt her hands on Kim Jong-un's chest.
But first lady Li Xuehong can only walk in the back or sit by side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to South Korean media, Goldman loved to be increasingly exposed in three months since the first public appearance of a Mars 17 missile on November 18, and is now the fifth-fifth-oldest official occasion.
The North Korean media referred to Kim's love as using the most beloved children, dignified children, and other high-profile claim, as well as a snippet of golden love overlooking a parade in the stands overlooking the parade, repeatedly yelling oaths to support white-headed blood.
The Washington Post analysed Kim Jong-un as a sign that he had placed his middle-school daughter in a successor position, but also argued that such a judgement was premature and that there was a variety of possibilities in Kim Jong-un's having a son in his knees.
How to look at the January employment data of non-agricultural employment in the United States super-expected and future trend - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website
Q: Ask Chongyang Investment, how to view the January employment data of non-agricultural employment in the United States of America is over-expected and future trend?
The US Department of Labor announced on February 3, 2023 that the number of non-agricultural employment figures was 517,000 new non-agricultural employment figures, a big increase from 189,000 expected by the market, the unemployment rate dropped to 3.4 percent, the lowest level in nearly 50 years, and the rate rose by 4.4 percent year-on-year, 0.3 percent year-on-year, and a slight slowdown.
In total, there are a number of disturbances of one-time and technical factors, such as strike-return teaching staff, revision of survey statistical caliber, and renewal of seasonal factors, which may be revised (a reference to the addition of 5.04 million non-agricultural workers in January 2022 to 3.64 million), non-agricultural employment or non-agricultural employment as shown in the data).
Structurally, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still relatively low, and employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels and education and health care has risen dramatically, with data showing that the labor gap in the service sector is still in existence.
Combined with similarly over-expected PMI, rising job vacancies and labor gap data, and strong consumer credit data, we judge that the US service sector has been rapidly repaired after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that supply and demand tensions in the U. S. job market are hard to improve without a recession.
There is currently a supply gap of more than five million in the US labor market, and labor-force participation rates are slow to rise, particularly among workers aged 25-54, already close to pre-pandemic levels.
Beyond this, strong consumer demand, owing to the surge in savings and consumer credit among US residents, will further lag the impact of austerity on the job market.
Supply and demand in the US job market will be the bottom line for the US economy in 2023.
At the end of the recent interest-rate hike, inflation expectations are recurring, and we are not optimistic about the steady decline in wage growth.
Prior to the release of the data, the U. S. stock market was overly optimistic about the Fed's rate-raising path.
As inflation data continue to improve, the Fed continues to maintain a fragile equilibrium in market inflation expectations, but markets ignore the Fed’s bias toward hawks, not only anticipating an early cessation of interest-rate hikes, but also anticipating two interest-rate cuts at the end of the year.
In the face of tight labor-market supply and demand, and uncertainty about the impact of austerity, we believe that the Fed’s guidance on interest-rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and that the overcrowding of market extreme expectations and transactions will hurt the market.
Nonetheless, the current trend of rapid decline in inflation is hard to reverse, with the M2 data turning negative and the CPI leading indicators gradually improving, the US CPI data has shifted to a rapidly declining phase since October, and the stubbornness of wage increases will only rebound to future inflation data, and current market expectations are hard to falsify, and the market may enter a new game after the release of the next inflation data.
Zheng Yonggang, founder of fir fir, died of a heart attack and led a Chinese dress first stream of transition - economic observation net - professional financial news website
On February 11, 2007, Weixin, a certified main body of the company, announced an obituary to the public, and Zheng Yonggang, founder of the company and chairman of the company, died on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65, after a heart attack.
In the 1980s, Zheng became the head of the state-run cotton textile factory, and in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the head of the Ningboyungang Garment Factory in Xiqu.
In December 2022, at the Twentieth Annual Meeting of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the Twenty-second Annual Conference of Chinese Enterprises of the Future, Mr Zheng said that in the 1990s, the Chinese suit market had a market share of 37%.
In 1996, it became the first listed company in the Chinese apparel industry.
Just in the middle of the day when the apparel business began to transform, the company realized, “Once the market goes off, Chinese brands will naturally form a teeming brand market, and Filipino suits will always be a dominant market, with little prospect of becoming a national uniform for a long time.”
In 1999, Xiqu began studying the transformation of enterprises, and Zheng Yonggang recalled that, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to do with the transformation, and to find a number of experts and scholars, continuously conducting a series of Zhuge Liang conferences and pessimistic seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first is new energy sources, and the other is a healthy future.”
After the strategic direction was determined, Xiqu began to look for cooperation, when the Anshan Heat Institute for Anshan Thermal Engineering Institute for Anshan Thermal Engineering Institute for Anshan was working on the national 863 project, funding was insufficient, and the Anshan Institute for Carbon Research signed a cooperation agreement to promote the industrialization of the National 863 Project, the Mesocarbon Microsphere, engaged in the development, production and sale of negative materials, and realized the commercial use of negative materials at home.
In 2001, the company became a major producer of intermediate carbon microspheres and began a domestic substitution, replacing Japan as a major supplier of intermediate carbon microspheres.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise, realize the nationalization of lithium-ion battery negative material.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly became popular, the Lithium batteries business began to grow, and in 2007 the Lithium electronics business was incorporated into the main business of fir stock, garment revenues declined year by year until 2013, when lithium electronics revenues surpassed that of apparel.
In February 2021, the company successfully acquired the LG chemical polarized film business, entered the LCD polarized film market, and established a polarized film company called Fir Jin Light Electricity, a technology content that was high, and the company's main competitors were the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's resident chemistry and Japanese electronics.
Zheng Yonggang shared the idea of post-capital management. “China’s private-sector companies are less likely to succeed in acquiring some high-tech companies in the international arena, and why would those purchases fail?
Because everybody will think, I have to spend so much money, I have to send people to do the right, this is a commonly done behavior,” Zheng Yonggang, on the day that the fir purchase succeeds, Zheng Yonggang announced to the public that the fir was a major shareholder of fir, and decided to implement a two-member system, except for Zheng Yonggang, who was the chairman of the board, and the fir company’s people were not assigned to the fir, the distribution system, corporate culture, and management patterns remained unchanged.
The ICC Xinmei Info released a negative 2022 statistic showing that the quantity of fir was exceeding 200,000 tonnes in 2022, an increase of 100% year-on-year, with a market share of 16%, and the quantity of artificial graphite negative material.
In polarized film business, Yano Research showed that its global market share reached 29% in 2022, with a market share expected to reach 32% by 2023, ranking among the world’s largest ever.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, its net profit was 2.13 billion yuan, and its share price was 19.24 yuan/share on 10 February, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, the company announced on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitisation capacity was about 100,000 tons, and that the graphitisation capacity of the Meishan project was still climbing the slope.
Wanda shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of the company.
According to Tianqiao, Zheng Yonggang holds a 40.1% stake in Xiququn Holdings Ltd.
Li Zhihua, the managing director of the company, was born in 1968 in Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, Dongguan, New Materials Technology Co. Ltd., Hunan fir energy technology Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Investor Interactive Platform on February 10, the company's senior managers and the company's actual controllers do not have a kinship.
"FundE Account" comes: CSRC Authorizes Development Investors All funds under the name of the fund to be aggregated and enquired - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website
Econometric Observation Network Reporter Chen Shanshan Fund buys a variety of channels caused the account information gathering difficult?
Always forget "little treasury"?
These problems for the kids are about to be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "FundE Account" APP was mounted in various mobile app stores and conducted public trials.
According to the report, "FundE Account" provides a one-stop enquiry service for individual investors to provide public fund accounts and share information.
By the end of 2022, China had 156 public fund managers with a management fund of about $26 trillion, 167 public fund share registries and 411 public fund sales agencies, according to Wind.
Each share of the registered agency account system is independent of each other and lacks a unified enquiry channel.
According to industry figures, more than 720 million Chinese fund investors invested in fund products in China by the end of 2021, meaning that half of the nation's total investments in fund products.
Previously, investors had to enquire through a variety of sales agencies for purchases, and through a fund-E account they could enquire about all sales channels purchased.
What is "Fund E Account" APP?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a one-stop enquiry regarding the holding of all-market public-equity fund products outside the market, approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and approved by the China Securities and Exchange Commission.
Investors can, through the FundE Account, conveniently and quickly grasp the holdings of out-of-the-spot share of the fund managers themselves purchased through all marketing channels, so as to enhance the overall enquiry efficiency.
Specifically, the information that an investor can enquire through the FundE Accounts includes the fund account information issued at all publicly funded fund managers across the market, the trading account information issued at the publicly funded fund sales institution, and the holding of the off-the-spot holdings of products, including publicly raised securities investment funds, and the number of investors administered by securities companies, which are not subject to 200-person limits.
Liu Yiqian, head of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told EWN that investors could learn all of their holdings through the FundE Account App, helping them recover the "forgotten assets" and, more importantly, fulfilling the full-account information on the investment situation of consolidated funds for clients, helping clients acquire a more timely, accurate and complete grasp of their investment, thereby optimizing their portfolios and better planning their own financial arrangements.
How to register for use?
Reporters noted that the "FundE Account" APP has been mounted at mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and Vivo, but that the APP is still in the public trial run, the registration needs to be filled in the invitation code, investors can contact the fund managers who hold the funds.
A large Shanghai public fund customer service provide a 6-digit invitation code to Economic Observation Web reporters and told reporters: “In the APP trial run, China’s settlement provides a quantity of invitation codes to each fund manager, and we all offer them by telephone.”
When the test run is over, no invitation code is required when the user is registered.
"
According to the "FundE Account" disclosed by the CSRC official website, downloading and using instructions related documents, the whole process takes only a few minutes, mainly divided into four steps: user registration, authentication, fund account binding, public fund enquiry.
After this step, clicking on the Assets fund binding button, all the fund products that journalists buy through each fund sales platform are presented in the binding options list (binding accounts), binding can be viewed intuitively and can start using the query function.
It is noteworthy that the FundE Account only provides enquiry services for investors and cannot make a redemption.
The data dates shown in the Fund E Accounts are typically the date of the user's enquiry (T-Day) pushing forward three trading days.
For example, open “FundE Account” on February 10, with the total assets, fund share, and fund net worth displayed on the asset page on the date to push three trading days forward, namely February 7.
Copyright Statement: The above content is the original work of the Economic Observer News Agency, the copyright is owned by the Economic Observer News Agency.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer News, reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited, otherwise the legal responsibility of the relevant actors will be investigated according to law.
Copyright co-operation please call 010-60910566-1260.
The United States and Japan reached a defensive consensus.
Asia – On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan, where he met with Prime Minister Manchuo Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CPC's invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and Fiji's leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting that substantive defense exchanges would be conducted by signing a three-sided defense agreement with the United States and opposing the CPC's hegemony policy.
According to the Japanese media, Mr. Kishida wants to help Japan and the Philippines establish a policy aimed at the crisis in the Taiwan Straits.
Marcos Jr. visited China early in January and got a $20 billion deal.
Since then, however, relations between China and the Philippines have not improved, but have fallen.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to US troops to ensure security in the South China Sea.
A new base, 300 kilometers from Taiwan, is also nearest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military could act on bases in the Philippines.
According to Japanese media, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and the Philippines now form a axis with the United States, creating a “confrontational CPC arc” in the western Pacific to promote regional co-operation.
Vice President of the Kuomintang, Xia Li, told Song Tao: Welcome to the Green Camp under the 92nd Consensus
Xia Liyan, vice-president of Taiwan's Kuomintang, met with Song Tao, Director of the State Administration of Taiwan, and Wang Huning, Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC.
In an interview last night, Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang National Political Foundation, told Taiwan's central news agency, positively commenting on what Song told Xia Liyan that China would welcome green campers to visit the mainland as long as they agreed to the '92 Consensus' and counter-Taiwan independence.
The Kuomintang aspect regards it as a new thing.
Xia Liyan told Song Tao's news earlier that day did not mention this.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party, Lien Dai, clarified that it refused to accept the 92nd Consensus.
According to a CPC news agency, Xia Liyan, the vice-president of the Kuomintang, led a visit to Lu during Beijing, where he met Wang Huning, the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC, Song Tao, and Yin Li, the secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
During the meeting, Xia Liyan met with Song Tao to discuss the political basis of the Communist Party of China as the "92 Consensus" and counter-Taiwan independence, while Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang National Political Foundation, said that the Kuomintang's "92 Consensus" was the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyses this is different from the previous meetings.
Recent interviews with the mainland academic community, as well as this discussion, did not hear Taiwan scholars talk about martial law and anti-secession law, instead restoring exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the war on both sides of the Straits was threatening, and China hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CPC and the other party, the other party is willing to work well with the Taiwanese.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally directed Song Tao to explain to him that "they (taiwan farmers and fishermen) requested, you must fulfill the requirements, and if it is impossible to solve the overall problem, also must take a case to deal with.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang's visit to the mainland referred to the daily disturbances of Chinese military aircraft warships, fisheries in a small number of Taiwan counties and cities, and whether the central news agency asked questions.
Again, the union mobilized the anti-government retirement reform marches
On Saturday (February 11), French unions again launched a nationwide mobilization campaign against the government’s proposed pension reform, calling for people to go to the streets and express their views.
This is the fourth day of action against the proposed government pension reform.
And how many people responded to the call, possibly affecting the union community’s next action plan.
It was the fourth time a French union group has co-sponsored a nationwide mobilization, the first time the protests were scheduled for Saturday.
Given that for most French, Saturday was a public holiday, and they did not have to choose between participating in protests or wage-reduction strikes, union groups hoped that today's rallies would attract more people to participate.
The unions of the public transport system and public railroad companies have not called on employees to strike today; the public transport system should function properly; the public can take a bus to a meeting place; and, in areas where winter vacations begin, people can take normal leave.
Trade unions hope that more than one million people will attend the rally, and police expect between 600,000 and 800,000 participants nationwide, and the Paris metropolitan area is likely to assemble between 90,000 and 120,000.
Since the start of the anti-government pension reform protests, the number of people actually walking on the streets has gradually declined, despite polls suggesting that most French do not support measures to defer the legal retirement age from the current 62 to the age of 64.
The first strike on 31 January brought a total of 1.27–2.5 million people across the country.
Demonstrations on Tuesday, February 7, have shrunk to between 757,000 and two million people nationwide.
The pension reform program is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition party, particularly the radical left, has submitted numerous amendments to the opposition group, which has slowed the process of deliberation.
The debate between the two sides is becoming increasingly intense.
A militant left-wing legislator from France's Unyielding Party has sparked protests by posting pictures of a balloon with a portrait of a labour minister on social media.
The President of the National Assembly finally announced that he was banned from attending parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for such acts.
Despite the largest social trend in France in more than two decades, the government has so far made no significant concessions, albeit with a slight adjustment.
The union is ready to act again on Thursday, the 16th, and on March 7, when the draft reform was submitted to the Senate for discussion, the union plans to organize demonstrations.
China encourages high fertility rate to colleges and universities to catalyze ejaculation high quality standards
China's Yunnan Human Sperm Treasury issued a 9-day publicity campaign to solicit sperm donations from tertiary graduates or students at school.
According to media reports today, the message was rushed to a microblogger and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and municipalities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
China encourages university students to donate sperm, the Free Times reported.
In addition to their qualifications, Beijing has the highest threshold for donating saplings, and requires a height of 170 cm or more, a height of five officials, no apparent hair loss, and a nearsightedness of no more than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the human sperm bank in Yunnan Province has claimed that sperm donors receive a full set of 1,000 yuan ($1,000) male medical examinations, "especially semen and chromosome detection, most people have never done, and it is important to know their reproductive status."
Conditions for sperm donors include hereditary diseases and infectious diseases such as colorless blindness and weakness of color and B liver, with a height of 165 cm, a college degree or above.
The report cited Chinese astronomical news that the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province had a publicity poster printed with "compensated donation, infinite glory", appealing to young people to respond to donations, and encouraging netizens to "let love pass".
The price of Shaanxi Province is higher than that of Yunnan, the qualified person can receive 300 yuan of cash each time, a certain number of sperm donors can receive 5,000 yuan of subsidy.
Now the highest known price is Beijing, with a top subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The death of the last communist prime minister in East Germany
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that, “Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.”
As a result, our party lost an important leader.
"
On 13 November 1989, four days after opening the Berlin Wall, 28 years apart from West Berlin, Modro said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
Mikhail Gorbachev demanded change in Eastern Europe dominated by the Soviet Union after taking office.
In March 1990, Modro declared the Democratic Republic of Germany (GDR) the first and only free elections.
The election resulted in him no longer serving as Prime Minister.
Despite Modrow’s reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political change and unity that took place in October 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to rebuild rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but was not imprisoned.
These allegations are said to be politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German Parliament, and from 1999 to 2004 he was a member of the European Parliament.
Modrow sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the Old East Germans to return, but said he should acknowledge the East German achievement.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica of Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a youth fire brigade leader, and at the end of the conflict he became a member of the Nazi militia Volksssturm, which called for men aged between 16 and 60 to participate in the final war effort.
At the age of 17, Modrow was taken prisoner of war as a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union, where he attended anti-fascist curriculum and became a steadfast communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned home to find a job as a mechanic, continuing to study social sciences and economics, and gaining a doctorate.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free Germany Youth Movement, and almost all young East Germans joined the movement, and rose to the presidency of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German Parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and assumed the highest position of state.
Iranian hackers who supported the protests marking the anniversary of the revolution appalled the president's television speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lesi's television speech.
The president's televised speech was interrupted for about a minute on the internet, with a bunch of anti-Iran government hackers on the screen, named "Edalat Ali".
There was also a voice shouting, "Death of the Islamic Republic".
Reuters reported today that hackers interrupted state television broadcasts during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution.
Iran’s official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, when Lessi’s hardline government faced the most daring challenge posed by young protesters who asked them to step down, Lesie continues to appeal for “cheated youth” to repent, so that they can be pardoned by Iran’s Supreme Leader.
Following the death of Amini Mahsa Amini, a 22-year-old, in September in custody of the country's moral police, national protests were still sweeping across Iran.
The deadly crackdown by Iranian security forces on protests is one of the strongest challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the revolution overthrew the 2,500-year-old monarchy in 1979.
Iranian authorities released dissidents Fahad Messami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha on Friday, as part of an amnesty to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty, including some of the prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, according to HRANA, a human rights group.
According to the report, 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that as many as 19,763 protesters were arrested.
For weeks, Iran's leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to signal their opposition to protests and support for the government.
On Friday night, on the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media displayed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, chanting "Allahu Akbar!
"God is the greatest!"
However many people can also be heard at the rally shouting, "Death to the dictator!
"The Death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live videos of state-run gatherings across the country.
In Tehran, as part of an official celebration, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment are displayed.
President Lessie's speech was often interrupted by the slogan “America Death” – an iconic slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also shouted "Israeli Death".
Reuters says Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years' imprisonment in 2020 on state security charges.
They later placed her in house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied the charges.
And a week before Mesami was released, supporters warned he was at risk of dying from a hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against forced wearing a headscarf.
On Friday, the French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release, calling for a restoration of her freedom, including, if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France.
"
The balloon affair shines the eyes of the United States more?
Strengthening Restrictive Technologies
The U. S. is preparing to tighten exports of technology to China after the balloon, the Wall Street Journal reported today.
The balloons underscore China's national security threat and will seek more political support for strengthening US technology protection, said current and former security officials.
The United States says the balloon carries antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former CIA senior official and now serving at the New American Security Center in Washington, D.C., the Washington think tank.
"This is undoubtedly fueling the fire, supporting the viewpoint of the Chinese hardliners."
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday: “We will also consider taking a wider range of actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners.”
U. S. officials say they have reported the balloons to governments in more than 30 countries, and international coordination is vital to tackling the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, says the new U.S. House of Representatives Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition with the Communist Party of China is likely to pressure the US to take more tougher measures to slow China's growth, in addition to the Biden administration's actions.
She said parliamentarians will feel mounting pressure to take a tougher stance, which could force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
Many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing for a wider range of controls, including sectors such as artificial intelligence, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The US government is also working on a foreign-funded censorship plan to see whether there is a potential national security threat to US investment abroad.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for a quicker launch of the plan.
Earthquake Relief Night
Rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked day and night to rescue survivors buried in rubble in the ruins of thousands of shattered buildings.
At cold temperatures, they often call for quietness, because they try to hear any sound of life from a shabby concrete pile.
Two more women were rescued after surviving the quake, Reuters reported today.
But the death toll from the quake rose to 24,150.
Turkey has a death toll of 20,665, and Syria has a death toll of more than 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that struck Turkey and Syria on Monday continued with several strong aftershocks, the seventh-largest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, nearly 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighbouring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999, killing more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said Saturday that two women were trapped 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in 20 years in the region, and rescue workers rescued the two women from the ruins of collapsed buildings in Turkey.
Another wounded 55-year-old man was identified as Masallah Cicek, who was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diabakr, the largest city in southeast Turkey.
Rescue workers often call for quietness at a cold temperature, as they try to hear any sound of life from a shabby concrete pile.
In the Turkish Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, whispering “Inshallah” – “God blessed” – they carefully stretched their hand into the rubble and rescued a 10-day-old baby.
His eyes were wide open, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warming blanket and carried to a war hospital.
Video footage showed the first aid crew taking away his mother, she was dizzy on the stretcher, pale, but awake.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, with a total of 31,000 rescuers in the affected areas.
He said about 80,000 people were treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million were homeless because of the earthquake, and they were crowded in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in cold winter conditions, there is growing skepticism about the two leaders' response to the disaster.
According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, along with his wife, Asma, traveled to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly for the first time since the quake.
Earlier, the WFP said its stockpile in northwestern Syria, controlled by the rebels, was on the verge of complicating relief efforts because of the state of war.
On Friday, Erdoğan visited the Turkish province of Adeyamand, acknowledging that the government's response was not as fast as expected.
Opponents seize on the issue and attack Erdoğan, who will run for re-election in a vote held on 14 May, but may be delayed by disaster.
Anger over delays in providing aid and launching rescue efforts could dampen the election, Reuters said.
Even before the quake, votes were viewed as the gravest challenge of Erdoğan’s two decades of rule.
Erdoğan appealed for unity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain".
Kemal Kilidaroğlu, Turkey’s main opposition leader, criticized the government’s response.
Critics say the earthquake is huge, but more serious than the earthquake is a lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence.
"
On the morning of February 11, during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Mingzheng and his wife visited the University of Brunei (UBD).
Brunei University is Brunei's largest center for higher education and scientific research, ranking third on the list of universities in the region.
Brunei University is one of the symbols of cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education and training.
The University of Brunei formally established a partnership with Vietnam's FPT University in July 2013, with the main areas of cooperation being English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean, the University of Brunei incorporates Vietnamese into its teaching curriculum.
During his visit to Brunei University, Van Mingzheng and his wife exchanged with Vietnamese-speaking students.
Prime Minister Fan Ming is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, thus making a positive contribution to spreading Vietnamese cultural features and geographical images around the world.
Fan Mingzheng, the government's prime minister, expressed confidence and hope that the Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei would become increasingly powerful; Vietnamese-speaking students became increasingly interested in Vietnamese, worked hard to learn, able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and became emissaries of friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Prime Minister Van Ming also exchanged videos with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Daeong to learn about their learning, particularly during the pandemic.
The FPT-UBD Global Centre, particularly the FPT-UBD, is a lively symbol of Vietnam's educational co-operation with Brunei.
At the same time, we hope that the students of this center will make greater progress in their studies and make a positive contribution to the friendly and cooperative relationship between the two countries.
In discussions with Brunei Ministry of Education and Brunei University, Prime Minister Van Ming spoke highly of the results achieved by the two countries in educational cooperation, including cooperation between the University of Brunei and the University of Brunei, and a move by the University of Brunei to integrate Vietnamese into teaching curricula.
Mr. Fan hopes Brunei University will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Mingzheng also highly praised the positive results of the two countries' cooperation on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014; he recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and carry out effective short-term swap training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Van Ming highly appreciated the establishment of the University of Brunei in Vietnam of its first branch in Southeast Asia, believing that the university's development in the region and the world is becoming increasingly powerful, and further expanding its cooperation with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
With this opportunity, Prime Minister Van Ming and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of Brunei University and left a message on the memorial book.
Prime Minister Van Mingzhong wished Brunei University to continue its development, contributed increasingly to Brunei's education, and cooperated more and more extensively with Vietnam's educational and training institutions.
(Finished)
Yuetong Societies
The official visits of Prime Minister Van Mingzheng and his wife to Singapore and Brunei have been successful, with comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results.
Within three days of visiting Singapore and Brunei, Mr Fan Ming took part in more than 30 different activities.
The results achieved are a new impetus for promoting the strategic partnership between the two countries and the increasingly deeper, broader and more effective development of the Yuewei Comprehensive Partnership.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Van Ming continued to reiterate his country's external route, namely independence, pluralism, change, willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their people and committed to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
During the talks, Prime Minister Fan Ming and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to enhance their political mutual trust with Vietnam through exchanges of high-level delegations, effective bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnerships signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening the Comprehensive Partnership for the 2023-2027 Phase, signed with Brunei, are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership.
Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu
During the meetings with corporate leaders, forums, or economic forums, Mr Fan stressed Vietnam's welcome and facilitated the expansion of investment scopes in the digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, creative and other fields of Singapore and Brunei.
The visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education, training, oil and gas, tourism, and folk exchanges, but also creates a framework for cooperation among countries in new potential areas such as the digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation, intelligent cities, sustainable development.
King Hassanal Borkia of Brunei and Prime Minister Van Ming are preparing to enter bilateral talks.
Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Van Ming arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the Vietnamese community in Vietnam.
During the meeting between the leaders of both countries, Prime Minister Van Ming suggested that the authorities of both countries should pay more attention and be treated fairly to the local Vietnamese community, thereby creating favourable conditions for contributing to the local community and fostering relations between the two countries.
Both leaders agreed and supported the proposal.
In particular, he shared with the leaders of both countries the aspirations of a united, peaceful, stable, and prosperous ASEAN Community; unanimously agreed that it would maintain unity and coordination with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in a complex and changing regional and international context.
With important achievements, Mr Fan's official visit to Singapore and Brunei will effectively implement the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam with priority given to strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbouring countries, effectively implementing the 12th conclusion (12-KL/TW) of the CPC Politburo on the work of Vietnamese diaspora under the new situation, and giving full play to the unity of the nation.
(Finished)
What exactly is Alas plus the "object" that was shot down by air?
Confused and speculative
On Friday afternoon, February 10, the U.S. military launched its most advanced stealth jet, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying in Alaska.
The location was ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
It was the second time in less than a week that the U.S. Army shot down airborne objects.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted across US airspace for several days before being destroyed over the South Carolina coast.
The Pentagon says the second object that was shot down entered U.S. airspace for the first time on Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 m (40,000 ft), about the same size as a small car, much smaller than the previously shot down Chinese spy balloon.
The Pentagon also believes there is no sign that the object is manipulative.
John Kobe, White House Strategic Communication Coordinator for the National Security Council, said Friday that although it is not clear what the object is flying at high altitudes, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft".
Bryant said the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, has no "effective load" hanging on it.
'We call it an 'object' is the best description we can make at the moment,' says Bryant.
President Joe Biden listened to the suggestion of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he was "very cautious" when he made the decision, Bryant added.
The official description of the object is roughly the same as a car, no lever, no hanging device, and a flight altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But the information doesn't answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs and what it is doing.
Many online analysis and speculation suggest that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It could come from China, like the spy balloon that invaded American airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and perform some sort of mission at different locations.
Alaska's "Object" is also associated with UFOs.
'I hope this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO, ' Newsweek reports quoted former US Representative Peter Meijer in tweet Friday.
"The irony of mixing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but this is not worth triggering an interstellar conflict, " Mej said.
Mej sent the tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object was shot down in Alaska.
Newsweek said the object suspected to be UFO is more than Mej.
Tennessee Republican Representative Tim Burchett criticized the government's hiding of intelligence last month, demanding that the Office of the National Intelligence Directorate (DNI) report on UFOs.
