In the shadow of the extinction: three saints in Raddles were born in Iran.
The rapid animal in the world falls victim to cruel hunting, for fortifications and accidents across the Islamic Republic •
As a result, the number was reduced to at least 20 in the radius.
Three breeds of Asian raids have recently emigrated to the world in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
This is a rare birth, which is slightly improved in the tropical state of extinction in the country due to the formations, hunters and accidents.
It is the first birth of Bradles in Iran.
It is believed that the Islamic Republic is one of the last countries in the world where the rales are still living in nature.
The Iranian news agency Irana reported that the veterinarian crew, the trustee of the Thuran National Park in the Northern Samnan province, decided to marry a emperor in captivity.
It has also been observed that less than 20 raids were recorded in seven different provinces in the country.
As a result of the danger to extinction, the United Nations issued a defensive plan for them in 2001.
Now Iran hopes that the new fates will be able to bring in the future to the growth of the population of the pirates.
In the last month, the Deputy Minister of Environmental Affairs in Iran, Hassan Akhberry, said that the Brazilian population in the country was dramatically reduced from 100 rdals in 2010 to 12 rdlass in 2010.
"The situation is extreme," said Akbari and noted that the bradles fell victim to a siege in their living areas, hunting, and even in road accidents.
The bridge is considered to be the fastest in the world capable of reaching a speed of 100 km/h.
The bradles can be found in different locations across the globe, from India to Senegal in western Africa.
Spotopi wants to upgrade the vehicle: check the Car Thing
quietly, sponti began to try her luck in the world of hardware.
After years of development - Car Thing was exposed and launched as a small experiment in the US •
We have handed over the first device in Israel •
Vision: To make your old trains for wisdom
The Car Thing is the first material product of sponti, and was built specifically to provide a solution to old vehicles.
A few weeks ago, I got a first chance to try the new product, which is now only available for single princesses in the US, here in Israel.
For me, the taiming of the plaza was exceptional, as our home vehicle was scrapped and we were forced to drive for a few days with an old systematic railroad.
After two weeks of hearing, I understood how the "Car Thing can easily become an integral part of the system of many people.
And opposing, with a long and uncertainty list of the worldview, I believe that many will have already preferred to use other solutions.
The Idea of Reality.
In 2018, sponti users began to get an interesting offer in their email box – an option to purchase a new device with a vocal control and a fourth generation arrangement, which would become a whole system for a vehicle.
The rumours at At Att were delayed until a year later, when the Financial Times revealed that the company was planning to present a new radio-specific product with lutatic connections.
A few months later, these rumours again returned to the titles after the music service was updated with the ensemble – the same one we know today from the app – the act as soon as the samurato identifies a connection to the oto system.
Two years have passed since.
After rumors and confusion, sponti revealed "Car Thing" in the last month of April.
Spotopi chose to release the new device in a very limited manner, with a long and painful list.
So of course, immediately after the press conference that existed, I went to the site.
Two months later, the recovery message came.
A renewed connection to a buyer site I can purchase the device with a small surprise – it will not cost me anything.
After another month of the gift, the messenger finally provided me in the door, accompanied in a small box with the logo of sponti.
"Car Thing".
In the first and first, the device of sponti impressed me with the quality of his construction.
And a little smaller than my iPhone 11 is and includes a great deal of touch, brightness, and bride from I expected.
Also, you can find on the side of the screen a round and a cake that you can rotate to the nucleus between the mascots.
And despite the giant cake, the same you can see in pictures, the Car Thing is able to maintain a relatively strict profile and not to be confused too much from the dashboard.
Personally, I would prefer the company to change the cake activity so that I could control the samartaphone's volume, as I can also navigation through the touch screen.
Perhaps this will allow for a future version update.
The device reaches a small, feminine circuit, including USB Type C and variants to its installation.
Many of you probably remember how we were driving the radio instruments and bringing them in a lime after exiting the train.
The "Car Thing undoubtedly restores this feeling with its shape of construction.
The magnets were all connected to the device by a very strong magnet, which prevented him from falling even while travelling on a fertile road.
In addition to this, the upper part of the upper part can be found in small buttons, which can be easily defined as different playlists or podcasts.
Through a long press on one of the buttons during hearing, or through a request from the voice assistant, I defined some playlists that I hear frequent and the radio program I listen to her every morning in the way.
In that, the Picher made me feel that the Car Thing is more like a vehicle than the expansion of my samurato.
It is a smart vehicle.
After a rather simple physical installation, I composed the Car Thing to electrical power.
I was surprised by the definition process.
The instructions were clear, the connection to the sponti app took less than 5 minutes, and a few moments later I came to the home screen.
In fact, the device is linked to a samtaphone through a blast and controls the app as a ruler, so it can copy all of the information on our account.
Conversely, you will still have to connect your samartaphone to the vehicle, whether through a blues or a AUX cable to hear the music.
The home screen is sold to all users in the app, as the app app in Samarthphone, is an emphasis on the album images and sound lists.
Also in the home screen, like that in the app, you can find recommendations for music in accordance with your taste, the search screen and your personal library.
As a result, it is possible to navigate the different lengths through the contact screen or through the manual cake.
Moreover, you can at any given moment to read the sound assistant of the device using a "hey spontifical" device.
Through her, you can run songs, playlists, albums, and even search for podcasts.
Manisoni was able to easily recognize my voice as well as when the music performed in a background, and a ball aired directly on the device.
This was probably due to the four microphones that were installed in the upper part.
It is important to note that as soon as the voice assistant does not support Hebrew, and as of the publication of the script, there is no information about when such a update arrives.
So is it worth waiting for him?
My use of the device was great, and it is a positive surprise in my eyes considering that it is still in the initial release phase.
Even intensive use of long travels, the device continued to work in part without being cut off from my samurato.
However, occasionally a small gamma was registered, but I believe that Phoepipi would take care of such bugs with future versions.
It is evident that the Swedish company has worked for a lot over the past few years, and from the different versions that have been absorbed online during this period, the design of the final product is probably my favorite.
Still, when I saw the Car Thing for the first time, I wondered who the company was trying to record it.
Its activity relies on control of the app in Samaritaphone, not much beyond that.
What is it different from regulations of automobile status in a few considers and connecting it so that the smartphone will be closer to us when driving?
This question is maintained while considering that the iPhone and Android devices are much stronger than the sponti, and most times have been able to use much more functionality.
Despite all this, as I used the Car Thing more and more, I understood how his ability to improve the driving experience.
The ability to see the Waze on my smartphone screen and control music on a completely different screen, this is one that I have learned to appreciate in the last two weeks.
One question remains – is a spontify in general to the general public?
And if so, will he be kissed here in our little state?
The Swedish company does not number at the moment.
She did not even have some experiments to the device is currently operating around the world, and how much she plans to add a suspension in the United States.
The only thing we know in certainty is the price that is expected to stand for $79 (about $255).
In the meantime, the Car Thing provides a primary transmission to the continuation of the Spotifian coup for years.
The Spotpiece of Israel has been reported that there is no currently information about the program to launch the device in the country.
.
Have you recruited Talent to a company?
That is how the contestants will not "take" to you.
The economy is still in a labor market largely controlled by the workers, and this is true for seventy-two workers regarding the highest-grossing workers – the talents •.
Here are some advice that will help you keep in the workplace.
.
Despite the immigration in the last month, the unemployment rate in Israel continues to be among the lowest in the world, and the first tenth of the OECD countries, with a rate of 3.5% (150.6 million pounds).
That is, the drink is still in a labor market controlled by the workers and the right thing about the most easiest workers – the talents.
Despite the fact that professionals and professionals are a focus of knowledge, experience and intensity – the trend in the labor market teaches that the competition, the rituals as they are trained by employers, is still in full strength.
The meaning of this for employers is that in the present working market they do not have the Luxus of analyzing the flow even a minute after Talent's recruitment, as as soon as he enters the company gates – another company will already try to kidnap him.
That is, the competition on such a Gaza that many even after mobilization will continue to take a complete job offer, with 30% of the employees resign only a month from the job and the start of the work.
This is the reason that venerated employers will immediately move from the transmission to its preservation phase, with the path starting in the head and first in advance and creative acquisitions already in the process of recording.
An effective acceleration process, constructed and thought will cause the alant to fall from its new workplace as early as the first day.
The following is a number of advice how to be performed and manage a correct record process that will help the preservation of the new talent:
It’s not a secret – sharing and organization’s preparedness
To compensate the factors that would work with him on his recruitment, explained why he was vital and important to society and role, and how you see his contribution.
A new fact that comes to a place where he expects and understands his value, will feel desirable and wish to prove expectations for Ben.
Knowledge is strength – coordinate expectations |
On the first day of the tilt, the tilt had to coordinate expectations.
Knowing his professional background and check where he sees himself in the future so that you can present the diverse and unique tools you and the workplace can provide it to get there.
We all are people – personal recognition |
During the days of the recording, the tale was able to recognize the talent beyond his professional traits and interest in the pursuits and interests of his interest.
A new factor in which he was interested, allowing him to continue and express himself beyond the limits of his duties, and wanted to keep it.
"Victory".
You are already in the recording phase you can create attractiveness that will cause a thalant to run quickly.
Do this by a conversation of bonuses and benefits, but by revealing a core or interesting technology, as this type of immigration leads to curiosity and interest in the workplace.
He also encouraged the Talent to hear his thoughts and opinions for various projects in society and clarified that they are important to the organization.
The writer is the CEO of Manpower Israel – the largest and most powerful person in Israel.
The closure of the stations in June – a billion kilometres.
A report by the Knesset Research and Information Center: The closure of the pneumonia at the time determined by June 2022 is estimated at a milliard.
• Electrical company: “The policy of the use of fuels is written in the head and first by the Ministry of Energy.”
.
The economic cost for the closure of the stations at the time of June 2022 was estimated at a milliard for 2022, so that a report of the Knesset's research and information center.
According to the report, this cost is portrayed in the electrical fence, which is expected to rise in the next few months due to coal mining.
Also, in 2023, a further increase in the use of coal by about 9,000 tonnes was expected, so that it would be more cost to the electrical market for the closure of the pneumonia, with the assumption that the natural gas will remain significantly lower than the coal price.
The report concluded that the amount of reduction in the electrical fission in 1920 was 4% in the rate of electricity consumption for the home consumer.
The economic cost of the station is about a million kelves, and the expense that there could be a home consumer is about 4%.
It is noted that in the framework of the reform of the electrical power plant, a subsidiary of the electrical company, which regulates natural gas units that are designed to replace the Rabin 4-1 light units.
Following this decision, a government decision was made in July 2018, which concluded that there should be a 4–1 reduction in the power station in Rabin.
The decision was scheduled to be scheduled, so the first natural gas to be completed in January 2020, and the 4-1 pm production units will cease operations at that date.
The electrical company was reported in response: "The policy of the use of fuels is written in the head and first by the Ministry of Energy.
In accordance with the decision of the office, it is a few years of policy of reducing the use of coal to the minimum as well as when the price of coal is lower than the price of gas."
Pay the price: All you need to know about the cost of interest.
Resistance: In the next week, the interest on a net is expected to rise by half percent •
In some cases the payment for the mortgage?
And what is recommended to do?
All answers.
Inflation, which had already reached a rate of more than 4% in the last year, forced the Bank of Israel to raise the interest on the irrigation in the next week.
The analysts estimate the rate of a magnitude between 0.25% and 0.5%.
If the interest rate of a half percent, it will already stand on 1.25%, the highest level is nine years.
However, after years of interest in the economy was close to zero.
The decline in the interest rate is considering the return of the mortgage and Maccabia in a drastic manner on the households.
With the help of a curator, an expert for mortgages, we checked a few more perfect and what is recommended to do now.
If the interest increases in half a percent – in some monthly payments on the mortgage?
In a mortgage fee of 1.2 million hekel, which is composed of over 40% of the pricing route, the monthly return will cost 125 NIS.
In some average mortgage accounts from the beginning of the year?
Since the beginning of the year it has a significantly sharper credibility.
However, because the restrictions of the magnitude of the magnitude (and not only in primitive orbit) have increased, in a transparent or orbital orbit.
If the interest rate actually exceeds half a percent, the risk will be concluded, according to a reduction, at 620 NIS in a mortgage of approximately 1.2 million NIS.
The fertile orbit (40% in this orbit) is the equilibrium of about 280 kg, with the assumption that there will be an increase of 0.5% in the next month.
The length of the length is a diameter (26.7%) of the length of the length of the length of the length of the length.
The average length of the length is 220 kg.
So what is recommended to do today?
For those who have a modified mortgage, a turret recommends to consider a recycling to non-existent orbits.
The monthly reinstatement of the month was considerable and difficult to reinstate the reconstruction – he recommended to examine the recycling of the mortgage cycle and reproduce it for a longer period.
However, in order to reduce the payments despite interest rates, it is preferred to always stand in rehearsals and not be in a fiscal decline.
Regardless of new mortgages – he is very recommended to recognize the various routes and adjust the mortgage to their financial qualities.
Also in the future when the rivals will be promoted, they will be able to make a mortgage cycle with a minimum pension spending early.
In order to get a fee, a buyer recommends payments to a buyer and now take a mortgage.
It is important to note that the "development of construction" increases the cost of the property even after the purchase contract is signed.
The cost of construction was increased in the last year by 6.6%.
According to a report on the banks, it was decided that it would compensate a mechanism that would include the duties within the mortgages, but the final decision on the matter had not yet been accepted.
The price of fuel is taker – and the Israelis will be forced to pay in July more than 8 kg per liter.
The energy ministry announced that the new price for a liter in a 95 octane will stand on 8.08 kg •
By the end of 2022, the amount of liter was reduced to half a liter in a tax on the dollar.
A decade record: the price of the banzine will be synchronized in 36 liter basins, and it will be starting from 1 July on more than 8 kg per liter.
The new price for a liter in a 95 octane will stand on 8.08, and the demand for full service is required to pay 21 more litres.
At the same time, the reduction of a half a liter in the dollar by the end of 2022 was reported by the tax authorities.
As a result, the price increase is due to the rise of oil prices, on the basis of the war between Russia and Ukraine and the rise of the dollar.
In April, the fuel price exceeded a maximum of 8.25 kg per litre.
The term ends in late July and the taxes and currencies in these days, public public opinion of a decree extending its reduction in tax on the benzene, which stands for half a liter, until 9 August.
Also, from 10 August, another half-hour of a half-hour was announced, so that only from that date, the price of a liter in gasoline would be reduced to 15 November 2022.
This was done by the tax authorities.
“We came to a situation where I don’t remember five months in a continuation of the state's income.
We started a few months ago with the topic of reducing the tax on the dollar.
We are already a week working on the length in four months of the blast, the banzine and the batteries – instead of half a weight weight.
It is good for industry and a citizen.
If a norde, it will affect inflation, will increase production and reduce the cost of living.
As Minister of Finance, despite the election system, I intend to focus first on it," Lieberman said at the Hurwitz Conference on Economics and a member of the Israeli Institute for Democracy.
As a result, more than half of the fuel prices are taxes that the government (member and mud) is a high tax rate than most developed countries.
The price of fuel has a dramatic effect on the cost of living in the economy – as it also influences both domestic households and business expenses, on the cost of public transport and flight costs.
For the third time in a continuation: Ashdod – the most friendly city for businesses.
Open hope came second in the rank of the Ministry of Economics.
Next: streets, Ashkelon, and the first to discuss •
Minister Barbiai: "The Corona emphasized the importance of local government in business development."
.
Adelaide is the most friendly city for small and medium businesses.
This is the third consecutive year – finding a business in the agency's local and poor business districts in the Ministry of Economics and Industry, which killed local authorities.
In the second place, the city has a quarry and a third street.
It is located in the arrangement: Ashkelon, Tel Aviv, Jaffa, Haifa, Gan, Hellen, Beer Sheva, Jerusalem, Beth, Beth, Nathania, and Barak.
The agency estimates the local authorities.
This is the fifth time and its purpose is to serve as a work tool for the local authorities, as it allows all permission to compare its performance to other authorities in a variety of parameters, and to analyze its performance in areas where it is active.
The measurement is based on a few parameters that are examined in any authority, which examine the "friendly" level of the agency for business in its fields.
The mosque is divided into three groups by a number of inhabitants, as a local authority of up to 50,000 inhabitants is not a local property of more than 150,000 inhabitants.
"Zinka the Year".
The measures are updated once a year and include four different ratings in each locality: a desire of business, access to mines, information and arnana.
As a result, a second-place finish was dropped from the 8th position, and the 5th position was dropped from the 5th position to the 13th position.
The decline in ranking does not mean that the service to the business of the hydraulic authority, and in many cases it derives from the service of other authorities to businesses improved and increased, as the rating allowed the ratings to improve its services to businesses.
Among the immigrants are the Hope Hope, which ran from 6th to 2nd, and the streets that ran from 12th to 3rd place.
In 2019, the 4th place in the 4th place, improved in 2021, and placed 6th.
"The Business - Growth engine".
The population is estimated to have a population of between 50 and 150,000.
As a result, there is a reduction in the reservoir, a reservoir, a reservoir, a chapel, a chapel, a chapel, and a chapel.
The 7th and 7th floor is located.
The measure is designed to encourage local authorities to relieve the small and white business, starting from the start of the business and length of its activity in front of the authorities,” says the Minister of Economy and Industry, Orana Barbia.
“The businesses are a significant growth engine for the Israeli economy and are responsible for about 50% of the business product and 60% of the businesses in the economy.
Small business development is a public interest of all of us, but the local authority has a direct impact on business found in it.
The Corona emphasized the importance of the local government and saw that the governments operating and encouraged the advent of small business and found creative solutions for them, became the first linguistic economy for them."
Ren Kuiti, Director of the Agency for Small and Institution in the Ministry of Economics and Industry, adds: "National local authorities are a major and most important part of business in their fields of thrilling and thrilling.
In the last two years, we are facing the Corona Crisis, the larger weight authorities in aid of businesses to survive in their fields and survive in general."
2021: 20 packages per household – and a weight balance.
46.6 million packages came to Israel during 2021 – similar to 2020 •
The average weight for the package is 435 grams – a 36% suspension compared to 2020 •
The highest month: December, then the average length was 524 grams.
In 2021, Israel reached 46.6 million mail packages, almost 20 packages per household – so the Israeli postage stamps have reached Israel today.
The amount of packets reached in 2020 is similar to the year 2020, when Israel reached 46.5 million packages, and from 2019 to 61.6 million packages.
However, the year has a suspension of more than 36% of the packets coming from abroad.
In 1920, 20,253 tonnes of oil were exported to Israel, 36% compared to 14,860 tonnes in 2020, and 16,743 tonnes in 2019.
Changes in consumption.
The average weight is 60% in the two years – from 272 grams in 2019 to 435 grams in 2010.
The length of packets is primarily influenced by two major trends, both on the other hand, and on the other hand, the large shopping malls are reunited with each other for a single customer and no longer send any product from a separate mall in a separate economies.
On the Israeli consumer, the fast boat of the boards, within a few days from the invitation, supports the purchase of more daily goods such as clothing and gifts, which the purchasers are interested in accepting.
In 1920, as in 1920 and 2019, the month in which the highest-grossing packets and the highest number of items is December, with 4.2 million weight packages totaling 2,200 tonnes.
In December, the average weight of a parcel was 524 grams, averaging 20% of the average annual weight.
Blake Freyd.
More packages came in December from another month, probably following the November shopping holidays, such as the Chinese rookie, Black Fredie and Cyber Mandi.
The largest constituents begin to arrive in Israel from a week to two weeks after the construction.
Research: Most of the rents in the economy are unaware that they can be obtained from tax returns.
Many tourists deserve money from the state, which can reach tens of thousands of dollars.
Have you done a job?
Have you gone to hell?
Have you moved from the city to the town?
You may have the right to get a sum not taken in a simple procedure
All the details - inside.
Most of the sales are unaware of the fact that they are eligible to return tax, which can accumulate to high risks.
The state visitor noted in a two-month report that two million residents are entitled to return tax at a height of 3.6 million NIS, which means that I also have to check whether you are eligible to get a tax return.
Many reserves can receive a high sum, as four out of five reserves are eligible to return to the tax.
In practice, some tens of thousands of tourists per year.
If you think that these finances were dropped to Tamion, then the neighbors could submit a request for a tax to return for six years back.
Tax:On carried a depth study among 4,000 of its customers on the tax returns during 2020.
The company has more than 30,000 customers, so the sample reflects their distribution in terms of population and gender, ages, and geography.
As a result of the eruption of the Corona crisis in 2020, a number of significant changes and a rise of 15% in the average elevation to a Abbe house stood for a sum of 4,300 kg per year.
The reason is that the primitive breasts are lower than the prevalence, and therefore a gap between what the employee paid as a tax for what he actually needs.
At the time, the highest return to the company in 2020 was a sum of 121,054 that "high for rehearsals for the past six years.
What can we get a tax return?
One reason for the return of tax is a change in the workplace.
81% of people who have replaced a workplace during the year resulted in an average ratio of 2,943 NIS.
Another reason is the birth of a child.
It is estimated that 74% of women who were children and six on vacation were eligible to return at an average elevation of 3,538 NIS in the year.
Another reason for return is donations.
100% of the donated men and paid taxes received the return.
Another factor in return is a reduction in risk of foods. 63%.
The gross did not have a risk point for foods and therefore the return of the taxes every year that no such a reduction point is 2,616.
Due to unemployment, 93% of the expenses were paid for or unemployment, and more than 12,000 NIS received a tax return at a rate of 4021 NIS per year.
Refugees for the restoration of the Hinnan tax: return for life insurance, life insurance, repayment of the mortgage, repayment of a win, return for loss of value, a reduction of a reduction points for birth and a reduction of tax according to a geographical location.
94% of the people who had a personal life insurance or a payment of a mortgage were entitled to restore tax.
In a bid for a 25-year loan, the maximum tax return to the period is at an altitude of over 20,000 NIS per year for the entire mortgage period.
100% of the compositions to return from the winner were given a tax on the date of the transition, and the date of the reduction of a residue was given only 12 months after the reduction of a residential residue, thus the first year of a full tax.
79% of the customers holding value were entitled to restore the years of credibility.
However, those who hold important valuable papers will be checked every year and losses do not regulate a year but only through a report.
56% of the men born to a child do not inherit the risks in the year of birth.
The recovery rate can reach tens of thousands of NIS over 6 years.
This is a phenomenon mainly found in the Arab sector.
Tax:on, Tal Carmon: The Corona Crisis resulted in the sale of the surviving public in Israel becoming more active.
He is interested, checked and asked what he deserves from the income tax.
It turns out that he was sitting in the house, abroad or after the dissolution of hundreds of thousands of Israelis for long months, causing many tourists to look at what came from the state.
It is important to know that this is now possible to make all the proceeds to receive a rehearsal of tax in digital, easy and simple, without the bureaucracy that has a lot of provocation in the past."
Labour market: fewer candidates for office, more than a wage.
The Oljuves Report to summary 2021: head of demand – without experience
The amount of jobs offered increased by 50% •
'We are looking for work, but not hiding on the market.'
The year now ended with a 15% decline in the number of living entities sent, and each ranking of 23 candidates, compared to 41 nominees in the previous year – a summary of the Oljubs website for the summary of 2021, on the Corona Crisis and its effects on the labour market in Israel.
According to the report, work seekers were mainly interested in the fields of jobs such as administeration and sales, which included 1,738,485 living burials.
However, the jobs without experience led to demands with more than 38,000 searches – probably due to the return of a professional experience in search of immediate work, in the aftermath of the beginning.
The number of searches for mining and adoministeration was 35,000, and 32,000 (in the hathma), drivers and sailors were 11,000 searches, and maintaining a little less than 9,000 searches.
Despite the cold crisis, the wage in 2021 increased by 2% in 2020, and the average wage in Israel was 11,675.
The monthly wage in the program was 17,915 NIS on average, and data analysis was 17,140 NIS.
Nevertheless, there were a salary gap of more than 2,000 kelves: in the center of the earth it was 12,500 kelt, compared to 10,795 in the north and 10,135 in the south.
In general, the average wage gap between women and men, which can also be explained in the type of labour and the equilibrium, is kept and stood for 36%.
Men had sold 13,295 NIS, compared to the women's salary of 9,740 NIS.
They try to get back to them.
On the side of the business, there was a steady growth in almost all sectors of the economy, and the business was suspended for workers.
This led to a 50% increase in jobs and a record of more than 40,000 jobs in Oljuves.
A survey of the site among employers found that 50% were optimistic about their economic status in 2022, 30% of them had been able to increase the number of recruitments but 72% realize that it was requiring that year.
The largest estimate was in office without experience, and there were more than 58,000 on the site.
As a result, there were 44,000 jobs in each field, sales and software with 41,000 jobs each, teaching and education with 24,000 jobs available, and shelters still require 19,000 vacant jobs.
Einev Boymfeld, the research and content director in Oljuves: "The work seekers are trying to get back to the film but do not rely on the market, mainly because of the lack of attractive jobs in their eyes.
Also, the attraction from the work circle makes it difficult to return, and some have found creative ways to live."
The unemployment rate in Israel increased to 6.3%.
According to a Labour survey, 270,000 Israelis were left unworked in December 2021.
In November, there were 262,000 unemployed.
The unemployment rate in the first half of December 2021 was 6.3%, 270,000 Israelis, compared to 6.1% in the second half of November 2021.
The first half of December 2021 of the Central Bureau of Statistics.
The unpopular percentage was 4.5% in the first half of December 2021, compared to 4.3% in the second half of November 2021.
In other words, it is 193,000 not employed compared to 180.3 thousand.
According to the Labour force in the first half of December 2021 among the 15-year-olds, this population included 6,607,500 inhabitants in Israel, not including institutions and immigrants outside of the calculations.
Of these, 64.4%, i.e. 4,252,700 are labor force and the remainder are 2,354,800.
Of those 95.5% of the workforce, 4,059,700 are employed and the rest are uncommon.
Of those who are not in the work force, 2.3% have stopped working because of the dismissal or the closure of work from March 2020.
A human force survey provides information about the work force in Israel and is controlled by the Central Bureau of Statistics.
In the first half of December 2021, Royino was kidnapped by 8,700 to 15-year-olds.
In the second half of November 2021, Royino was kidnapped by 8,900 and above.
The survey comprises the permanent residents of the state of Israel, tourists, and other residential residents in Israel for more than a year.
The survey allows the development of the workforce, size and properties, the extent of unemployment and more.
"Neal: Sabeliminal devotes the Sabbath – and prepares for independence.
Circle the fact that "we can live as we have", is excited for the meeting with the audience and the caffee to spend with the children •
The weekend and the independence of Kobi Shimoni, Slavinia.
How does your typical Friday look?
“The weekend is the most important moments in life, in my terms.
The sacred and tradition are a very deep root in my soul.
Friday in my elderly children, Light (10) and Jonathan (8).
I collect them from school, we buy flowers and needs to casualty, eat lunch, and do something like playing football, ride on horses or to play in a snowboard.
Sometimes walking to the sea, or even just outside the vehicle, but always stop in the way to buy a gift in the toy store in the neighborhood – and there is always another race.
When they go home with the gifts, the smells of cooking get our face.”
How will you look your Friday?
'But I blessed around me.
My side has a Persian-language kitchen, full of salads and atmosphere of laughs, music, poetry and joy.
On the side of my wife Inns, which is also a great deal, comes the Ukrainian foods, which are deep and fur, with a lot of meat.
When we come to my mortality, already from the heart of the building, there are amazing smells from its apartment.
I usually do the crow, along with the children, who know it with a mouth.
Eventually, my chef after this food is to float on the tip, and the kids jump on me as if I am some volume."
Do you have a special childhood memory from the weekend?
"When a child, I was awakening on the Sabbath of Israeli music on the J network and the immense expenses, we knew with a language.
My father loved nature and traveled a lot in the land of Israel, usually to the north.
Each corner of the country has a pride in the heart.
He died three months ago from a severe illness, and for him Kidish and his saint were sacred, mainly from the examining that all the family should be together.
I have recently left a song for the memory of the guard of you, which I created with happiness Cohen.
I believe he was proud of this work, which devotes the connection between father and son.”
Soon we observed the 74th anniversary of independence as a fierce Zionist, what your senses about the holiday?
“Today, independence is a holy day for me, and some of my meaning and identity.
The prize and my parents were forced to hide their Jewish identity, while I am a Jewish-Israeli Jew who was waiting to live with his children in our country.
A week two days before the independence day I was already climbing trees and linking to a sinister house with Israeli flags.
Today, my independence days are full of performances, and always meet a happy audience in madness, which celebrates that we can live as we come to us.
We have to maintain that even for children, our grandchildren and sons will be this option, and remember that nothing is clear of it."
Her Friday: I succumb to blessing the Sabbath.
“My dream is to open a big table and invite all the dead dear ones”: a Friday I succumbed to her, and how is she dealing with the fact that her husband keeps Saturday?
Books about your preparations to sit.
.
“The preparations begin in Thursdays at night, when I return from the display or a sedan and cooking until 3:00 a.m., all that require long cooking like a skull, shadow, and grain.
In the sixth, in the first part of the day, I devote time to myself, to meeting with companies and companies to attack, present or film, or that I participate in rehearsals.
In the summer of the Sabbath enters late, and I have a lot of time to sit in the neighborhood's garden and watch in an investor or just in a good series.
At the Sabbath I often host my mother, Verde, who has 89, and also friends."
Can you share more in cooking?
“I love a short.
For example, instead of the 10 shadows, cut and cry, I buy a bag in a frozen shadow and protect it.
On my Saturday table, meat dishes can be found, topo rings, potatoes and choirs in the tenure.
The majority of cooking I call, and they are of course warm on the planet on Saturday.
"Aljandro, a couple, is a chicken soup, vegetables, and winter – the Czecholant".
Your husband is a religious man and a secular house.
How does it work?
'God with this Saturday Guard is infinite.
'Love your heart as you are,' he actually went.
Family walks can not go out, so I found myself many times rice the children and join friends' families walks.
In addition, I also have the maiden leadership of the children, which restores them at six nights from parties and meetings.
On the other hand, I also enjoy his Saturday advantages, because I usually do not appear on Saturday and accept a sort of "freedom as a feud."
Who would you want to host on Saturday?
“I had a big table open and ordered my 'moons'.
Sometimes I imagine what Daniel Zell was alive, or if my father, Shanur Zel, would see my children: Ariel (23) and the riots of Tamara and Nama (16 and a half).
We must have been many on football and politics and these trends are of those."
Do you have a special childhood memory from the weekend?
"We were a warm and unified family.
At 6 o'clock at noon Mom was preparing a seizure, resulting from a humus market and a semi-autonomous root to a tahina sculpture.
Then we would travel to the Duda in the hand of Elijah, or as she would say 'Yed Elijah', and she would call a linchis.
Because I only did not like a syphilis, she would call me a few without firing.
She saw me, the little who came, and worried me.
On the Sabbath we were doing a tour with my father in the port of Jaffa, and he was showing us where he and his twin brother, Gerisha, came to the land without anything.”
Finallist X Factor was featured in the musical The X Factor.
Bibby participated in the final season of the X-Factor, finishing in third place.
She played the role of a woman who played a feminine feminine.
Finallist X Factor was cast as a cast member of the "produced" group that had been in the national theatre and played a motion.
Beebi participated in the final season of the X-Factor, finishing third and respected.
It is now revealed that there is a life after Harialt and she joins the cast.
Biebe played a modest role, which he portrayed by Defah Armony.
Bibi joins Persh, Naaya Bienshock, the Rafael Sea, Nofer Salman, Shi Hamber, Elisha Benai, and more.
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Applek were engaged.
Almost two decades after their love story ended in Freda, Lopez and Apple return to this event •
Lopez separated the basketball player Alex Rodriguez in April 2021.
.
His brother: almost two decades after their first love story ended in a fur and a year after a relationship, Jennifer Lopez, and Ben Applecase are a romantic and organized circuit.
The joyful knowledge was shared yesterday evening (six) to Lopez on her official website onthejlo.com.
.
Knowledge of the Irosin comes after the week, Lopez is rotated when a giant diamond ring is clearly seen on its aerospace finger.
According to Peeple magazine, Apple and Lupez were reunited.
Remember, the previous time Shaplek (49) had a ring and offered to Lopez in 2002, and then it was a ring of eye rings with a huge pink diamond of six karat, worth US$2.5 million.
Despite the Grenadian love affairs, the two separated in 2004, accusing the media of oversaw and inexperienced in their lives.
Since Appleck had been married to actress Jennifer Garner, if his three children, while Lopez, known, had been married three times in the past, including singer Mark Anthony, who had become twins.
Lopez's last romantic relationship was with Alex Rodriguez, who separated in April 2021 after a four-year relationship, including a two-year relationship.
The Cardishness speaks: "I can't invent what is happening to us"
"Unfine chaos" insists on the new series starring Harialty's first family, and accepts backup from her daughters and new producer.
In her writing in Sabbath magazine, they talk about the big money, the brand factory, and the change that bags want to do in the world: "I don't have the same one that spend hours on which bikini slip is worth raising."
This may be a great surprise, but the most desired brand in 2022 of Disney's content empire, including Marvel and Star Wars, is the Cardashian family.
The tribute of the first family and social networks in front of Disney was not exposed, but the estimates for a minimal sum of a hundred million dollars passed to the family, you have already heard functioning as producers.
At a press meeting with the stars, each of them accompanied by a complete biotache of makeup, hair, and clutches in clothes, insisted on the family's daughters, as well as their new producer and creator, this time that this was not a rhythmic, this time from being entirely authentic.
"I can't invent what happens to us," says in the family's mother's recommendations, "The chaos are unfinished.
"We are seeing how much we have grown since the same series that premiered in 2007," says Louis Cardashian.
“When we started confusing, a lot happens in life and it is impossible to simplify the narrative of the beginning, middle and end.
Much of Zorzu editing, they were picked up in a copy colored film and forgotten on the side.
This does not appear to be life in reality.
Now we are more exposed, direct to the camera in naturally, not only realistic but an authentic documentary series."
When imagining them with their new involvement in the production of the series, what actually gives them complete control of content obtained on the screen, Cloud argues: "We are involved behind the scenes, recounts while editing and recounting comments, but not a place of Magna but simply to give our opinion about what will do better for the series.
This is the appearance of our life and I personally feel that I have experienced emotional growth on its own.
Kendall and Kiley were small children when we started, so they are more than limits."
"Experience".
Kim Kardashian, on the other hand, continues with the power to change its image, a real realistic meteor-reality is equivalent to a lawyer with Ajanda.
"I have four black children, i.e. from a persecuted community that is fascinated in this country.
I want to change reality, in order that my children and the children of all my friends will be different, hoping we can cure the curve system.
This is my motivation.”
"I don't have the same Kim who thinks hours about what bikini slips should be," she insists, “But it’s also not completely disappearing from life.
A man must be faithful to those who he really and take everything in the chef.”
For the reasons for the producer's feminine feminine and their new and most profitable way in the industry, the meaning of the transition to a feminine family machine and its influence on the brand's profits, and its full writing was published in a magazine.
Indigenous Indigenous Indigenous: Efgene Wigs join the Abbey of Benai and Naga Arez.
The American rock band joins a group of local artists who will take part in the medalist music festival, which is considered an increase in fame among many music merchants.
The Efgene Wiggs, Shlom Binn, Nga Arz, and Tess are among the names that will take part in the Indangb Festival, which will take place between 20 and 22 October.
The year is marked by the festival's 15th anniversary and the day (fourth) from the festival's list of participants at the medal event.
Other musicians appear in Lynnap include: Hilla spirit, Teddy Negosa, Daniela Spectator, Jubil Mendelssohn, The White Screen, Rif Cohen, Carola, Ater Miner, Quartet for Africa, Paul Tranck, Eleanor and many others.
Indigenbe began his career in 2007 as a small nanny event, which opposed the warmth in the Israeli Indian scene.
Over the years, he has become an immigrant event for many music fans, and has since become a national surname, alongside Minestern artists.
New York: Worcestershire Festival in New York City.
The Beira International Festival, which has become a veteran tradition in a number of early stages, has a number of musical performances of leading local artists, and has a circular and innovative artistic performances.
.
Like all summers, the humble, humble, humble, and humble of the students, the festival also comes from the Jerusalem Walls Festival, which has already become a tradition in a number of early stages (e.g. Garden Mitchell, the Sultan Pool, in front of the David Tower and the gallery of the ancient city walls) – between the dates 15–27 August.
During the festival, there are many musical acts of monopoly that include a monopoly, Kobe Perez, Tel Aviv, and a woooot that hosts Natasha's friends, Shlomi Saturn, Nathan Goshn, Nasrin Kadry, Danny Sanderson, who hosts Thyslam and Emir Dedon, Nga Arz, and others.
Along with the music of the year there are two sculptures.
The first is the ARTISTA, an exhibition held in public space, with other galaxies rotating between visitors within a structure and showing a complete adventure in light as well as at night.
The theatre represents dancers, actors, and physical theatre artists associated with the audience.
SPARKS is a circus, motion, and aerospace of the Crex Y, an experimental photo exhibition inspired by the works of famous art.
The Black Box Gallery is the semi-autonomous gallery of the genre and performer Lior chuffon, designed by the rebel hole with the semi-autonomous sculpture of the sculpture of Liaur chuffon, works of marble sculptures of the multidisciplinary artist Alon Birger.
Observ: T. Greenberg on the relationship with his father.
The winner of "The Next Star" finds a second single and returns to his childhood memories and the meaningful presence of his father in his life.
“The song tells about the way to keep the distance,” he tells.
Tmir Greenberg sang in the second single "Into the Night" after occupying the audience with his first single and featured in "The Next Star".
In the last few months, Greenberg has continued to perform in numerous shows: the cultural façade, the opera T, the Schuen, Amphiphi Schuen, the Jesuit Amphiphie Amphiphie, Hanger 11, and dozens of shows.
The song "Into the Night" was produced and edited by Grenberg along with producer Sethio Bager.
The video, directed by Draa Geller, restores the memories of his childhood and the meaningful presence of his father in his life.
“The song talks about my father’s relationship.
For the period I left the country to the United States and the way to maintain a remote connection,” Greenberg said.
In the next month, Greenberg appeared in the opening ceremony of the Maccabia in Israel, and called the new season of The Next Star, with the song winning the show, Tell Me Where The Light Goes, was selected as the lead single for the next season.
White Blue is the 16th greatest winner of the season and the ninja in the world.
The Panuman climbed Mount Madurama in 26 seconds and dropped the first Israeli ninja title.
The Queen climbed the mountain in 29 seconds, but did not hold the title Ning.
I.
He is the winner of the fourth season of Ningja Israel and currently holds the first Israeli and 16th ninja title in the world.
He was a member of the show since his first season, where he finished in second place, losing to the age of Marenz in the second season.
In the third season, he again won and reverted to the fourth season, where he stated that it would be the final season.
He first climbed the Midorama Mountain in 26 seconds, finishing in the first place, having defeated the contestants to be a queen and a chlophoon.
He managed to climb the mountain in 29 seconds, finishing in second place.
According to the rules of the program, each season can only be crowned by one ninja who has been able to climb the math in time.
Despite the impressive achievement of the kingdom, as the winner of the season climbed the Murrayama in 3 seconds faster, Queen did not win the world title.
He would be able to rejoin him in the next season.
Well, our son, who is a superhero on, is a perfect rock, and Ninja Israel is the most important sporting event in the world.
.
Two Olympic medals and athletic semi-final were held in the semi-finals of the Reality Program and led to a major sporting achievement on Earth.
.
Rotem a rock represents us such a feminine ideal, which is obscure to present it on television.
She earns more feminine than Wonder Woman, she is too beautiful, she knows to put Dana Weis instead, and when she needs – Lesser about her business partner.
She is a mother and a career woman who has emphasized banks and tempered and led series and realistic programs, and is used for young girls a unconventional immigrant model.
And maybe it’s a reasonable reason for a rock burning too complete, because in a program that is analyzed to be perfect, and there is no need to be apologized.
In the world of ninja all are large, and the terms are first.
Assie helped the retirement of the chord was supposed to delete it from the screen for a certain period, but because he was not a normal human being – he had been exhausted before the first commercial census.
Listen to the sculpture of the event: Nev Reskin, who had been broadcast in the European Cup and World Cups, but was excited by a gigantic scholar as if it was the most significant sporting achievement on Earth.
In the semi-final there were two Olympic medals (Yerden Jerbi and Lenino), as if to emphasize a few rare and qualitative terms of entry into the superhuman world showing this real program already four seasons.
"Ninja Israel" was released from reproductions to market the season, which ended with the Midoriyama Mountain and a Yuval, which failed to climb it in 26 seconds, was finally renamed Leninja.
This led to an almost inexperienced orbit that followed the entire superhuman characters that the program was concerned about the volume of the ego throughout the year.
Want to be a ninja claw?
Not with us.
Here are superheroes.
The emphasis was on a succession to the king, who called the king and one of the kings, and the nicknames intended to clarify how perfect is perfect and unfamiliar.
As a result, the girls who tried to run in the courses of the season were discontinued, and the boys competed in those who had more squares in the stomach and charisma of Dict to enter the villains.
It is said that this is a sports program that encourages physical activity and demonstrates a probability and challenges, but in terms of the absolute majority of the Scouts – a medium-sized chord, known as "Ningja Israel", is an integral for us an unconventional sport model.
faster, stronger, higher, more perfect.
As a child, he tries to talk about a saint.
Strange to see the comedian, X "Comedy Stor" hosts a show Saturday on Channel 14, in which he is a feuded wrestler and enjoys mainly for men.
If we play in a collective game, all of us will have similar answers to the question "what is the concept of 'Could sit'?"
Say: Spongja and Nyons, sing on the gas and stairs in the stairs room, Yron Ilan or Abbey on TV, but the strangest will be if someone will suddenly say "Yesusov age".
Because the age of Cassov in the middle of the sponge and cooking is most not related to the TV can offer.
In truth, the new show, which is hosted on Fridays on Channel 14, is cut off from the hour she is broadcast.
Over half of her life, Cesobar is standing.
He speaks rapidly, holding a microphone even when he is trapped, and trying to divide the dominion between pancs and conversations on a sacred saint.
His defence will say that the budget deteriorated, and it is probably the maximum that can be produced in these conditions.
However, what is still assassinated in the premiere program, which was broadcast by Benjamin, is a clear gender division.
The men sing, playing, dancing, talking to Torah, restaurants and factorys – while the women were supplied with a small accent, in which they told emotions about opera management.
The day of the woman is happy to be.
Get a Saturday with age Cassov, now 14
Rousseau's unfaithful disfiguration union: "to say 'the taste of a protected housing' is harmful to our activities."
Judge Judge Judge Shigera wrote a letter in which she expressed the union's complaint against Amira Abbey, claiming that the next "committee" in one of the terrorists for the program was entitled.
Rothie Rousseau responded: "The joy there are more places that invest in this population's mineracy."
In a letter written by Judge Judge Judge Judge Judge Judge Judge of the Competition, the Professional Judge of the contest said 'Every food has a taste of diur Morgan', deno food with a low food level.'
"Toon, who chose the show's magistrate, Rothy Rousseau, describes her disappointment from the food that the contestant has a long time to fight the existing pits in the field, because the magistrate houses are running in restaurants in favor of the tourists with a dozen chefs at the highest level."
He also wrote: "The staff of the service and the management of the houses are generous about the image of the protected housing offering solutions to the quality of the elderly, including feminine housing, feminine activities, high levels of life and more."
In recent years, more and more older people understand that this is the most difficult disease in the community as a resolute solution for disease.
“Point is one of the greatest hates in life, so we devote resources and efforts to present the most common food.
Most of the protected housing houses are used in professional chefs to build a menu.
We will be happy at any time to invite the jury team to immigrate from the conducting train every day to tens of thousands of elderly Israelis, as well as the chefs and restaurant staff in the protected housing houses are asked to apologize and embarrassment.
Come together, the means of the Israeli media and society, in order to encourage the community’s community housing for the harsh health.”
Rothi Rosso commented in response: "The joy that there are more places in this population's minera, which is definitely coming to her excellent food during the pre-eminent period of life.
I respect the hard work of massacres, massacres, slaughters, and chefs everywhere, even in the protected housing.”
“Love moral: in Russia, do you look at a show but in Israel not cancelling?”
Nick Kayev responds to criticism.
The singer referred to the criticism that he was sent by a Turkish aristocrat who accused him of double morality.
The singer responded: "The invasion of Ukraine is very different from the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
"".
Nick Kayev canceled an earlier week in Russia due to the war and declared that he "stood alongside Ukraine and prayed that the madness will soon end."
As a result, Australian singer-songwriter Iggy Pop, Green Day, and Franz Ferdinand were also performing in the invading country.
But in Kayev's case his abolition was given a slightly different path.
In 2017, a Turkish admirer Ahmett sang in the musical, as Kayev refused to cancel two performances in Israel despite criticism from pro-Slavery organizations.
At the time of his visit in Palestine, Kayev told the local media: "Ultimately, I am here for two reasons: the first reason is because I love Israel and the Israelis, and the second reason is that I am against anyone trying to censorship and silence musicians."
The same Ahmet remembered Kayev's ambitions for music and political opera.
The admiral also published on the personal and non-censored website of the singer, "The Red Hand Files", a post in which he argued that Israel was also a ruthless state, and therefore the state of Palestine was identical to the situation of Ukraine.
"What bothers me about your message about Ukraine", Ahmett wrote, "It is not supporting in the Palestinians, who are also suffering from a baptism.
In fact, I described Israel as a functional democracy, but in my opinion, Israel is head and first responsible for the Palestinian suffering.
It’s a very decisive me, since you represent a double morale,” the admirer of the Turks.
But the story does not end here, as Kayev chose to return to chess in a long and detailed letter, in which he emphasized that "The invasion of Ukraine is very different from the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine.
The first situation is an attack without precedent of a single state in its neighbor, hoping to change the security order of Europe.
The second situation is a complement of two peoples.
Conflicts are similar in that innocent people, who share a tragic fate, are forced to hide in the shelters.
I feel sympathy for all these communities – no matter where they are and where they are."
Kayev added that although he was not interested in detailing his views on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, he certainly supported the Palestinians, and noted that in the last 20 years he had a lot to participate in the events of their contributions.
“But it’s not time for the arguments, akhmat,claring the singer, "it is time to reunite and support Ukrainians, as soon as a subdivision of their country Catastrophe.
I have great fans in Russia, and I know that many horses are opposing Putin's police activities.
If I could play for them – I would have done it.”
In the aftermath of the disease, the Corona project will come back to manage the Ziu report.
Prof. Salman Zarca was appointed in July 2021 and led the policy of the treatment of Corona in the third wave and the fourth wave.
At the request of the Minister of Health Nizen Hurwitz, he would continue his role as Project
Prof. Zarqa: "Thanks the Omikoron is continuing to do so, and still our duty is to be held for another wave."
.
Based on the decline in the Corona's disease, the Corona project, Professor Salman Zarka, will return to the Ziu hospital on Sunday.
At the request of the Minister of Health Nizen Hurwitz, he would continue his role as a projector.
I am happy for the citizens of Israel who discovered the Omikron continues to deny our usual lifestyle back,” said Professor Zraka, adding: "We will not be able to arrange another dream as a derivative of the virus we have been here, in Israel and throughout the world."
Prof. Zarka was appointed in July 2021 and led the policy of treatment in Corona in the third and fourth wave.
Beginning on 1 May, Israel returned to the state of waves, which included reduction of most of the Corona archipelago, while maintaining the ability to perform reconnaissance tests and investigations, which were a base for action in the event of discovering and reintroduction.
Sylvia Sylvania.
In a report by the National Information Center for the Campaign in Corona, published in the morning, it was observed that "there is a drop in the new threats to under thousands of a day, on average, alongside a decrease in the number of obscures and mausoleums in a difficult situation".
Nevertheless, he emphasized that "the existence of a semi-autonomous dysfunction in a considerable amount of infectiousness is much higher.
The number of institutional testing occurs in the community (without suspension, m., m.) is low, and is estimated to be less than 20,000 per week on average.
The lowest scope of testing is difficult for identifying the detection and diagnosis."
The State Criminal Report: The actual budget in most of the years of the pharmaceutical committee – is smaller than the budget recommended.
According to the Angleman report, for more than 20 years of activity – the Ministry of Health does not oversee the activities of the committee.
It is also written in the report that the stability protocols are improved in a significant recurrence, if in general
Also, the visitor recommends to increase the effectiveness of the executive committee – and to update the salary work.
A further requiring that since the commission began operations, the Ministry of Health did not request reports of the scope of the use and pharmaceutical exploitation – what would have been possible to analyze and criticize the budget given.
The pharmaceutical committee is one of the most influential public committees on our daily life and our health.
Each year, the committee decides on new medicines that will be given to the public without payment by the hospital – but a new report by the state visiter published today (shellish) remarks that this work work for more than 20 years without having been made a report on its operations and the Health and Health Council inspectors and examining its activities.
"Israel today", Ren Reznick, adds that the state visit was conducted by the ongoing fascination in Israel today" on the medal of the pharmaceutical salad.
According to the Angleman report, he recommended "for a process of expansion of the scale of repairs and improvements, which would result in the better quality of the health care budget that the public deserves."
During the period of the pharmaceutical system, in the years 2021–1998, the state budget was $8 billion ($8 billion) – with the addition of a sanitary sanitation varied annually between 0 and 500 million.
In 2019, 2020 and 2019, 800 new medicines and technologies were filed for the health services, with a total year of over two billion NIS.
In practice, the budget for the expansion of the salvage was smaller than the amount of requests.
In most of the year (90% of the time), the budget ratio was slightly less than 1.5 percent of the health salary, which was recommended by various committees as a desired replacement rate.
The study states that there is a need to examine and regulate the annual altitude to allow and for long-range planning.
Angleman also noted that "development in the work of Luca is lacking."
For example, the Selection Committee's procedure determines that the closure protocols, which are closed to the public, will be published within 60 days, but in practice the protocols are practised in a delay of 160–109 days, when the final revision protocols are not fully improved.
The delay in publication of the protocols hurt the decisions; in this case, there may be the ability of the proposed census – hospital and medical organizations – to file repeated requests as soon as possible and relevant, after the producers took a revival of their suggestions, cut off the reasons for the previous stage, which improved and revised their suggestions and offered a revised reduction in the following review.
“On the Ministry of Health to publish the protocols in accordance with the permanent schedules in the procedure.”
Of the thousands of clashes – only one economic estimate was achieved.
Another criticism of Engelmann is a continuation of the techniques used for the pharmaceutical pharmaceutical.
The survey found that half (46%) of the technologies had not passed this stage, but the Ministry of Health did not publish the paper into a resurrection.
There is also a recurring role in the pharmaceutical committee of the pharmaceutical pharmaceutical and public, and there are a number of hospitals and costs of pharmaceutical.
The visitor recommends a public representative or to publicly publish the discussions without a strict commercial details.
According to the Board of Directors of the Health Services Committee, "there are economic assessment" for the purpose of adding a drug to Sal.
In practice, however, only one economic estimate was achieved, and the committee receives its decisions without economic estimate.
For example, the Selection Committee for 2021–2019 had requests to add pharmaceuticals against the Convention.
The report concluded that the requests did not have economic estimate, including the estimate of the amount that could be saved due to a reduction of diseases originated in the past or due to the ability to avoid short-lived surgery.
Moreover, the decision of the pharmaceutical committee will not be able to establish one with the goals and strategy of the Ministry of Health.
For example, the Ministry of Health defined the preventive and estimate of the treatment of chronological diseases, but in the decision to expand the sulf was not emphasized on the need for achieving these destinations.
It has also been reported that since 2011, the drug has been included in the pharmaceutical pharmaceuticals that are not responsible for the pharmaceutical pharmaceuticals, including reconstruction and various vaccines, which are administered by the Ministry of Health.
However, when the legal framework for this step is only restricted in the laboratory.
In the last six years, 74 million NIS were used from the addition of pharmaceutical drugs for these services.
Engelman recommends the Ministry of Health to update the salary and also determine whether there is a separate financial supplement for these services.
About a third of the new medications that enter the drug are defined as "conditional medications", which are not available to patients in another sum because they are treatment treatments exist.
The research suggests to examine the possibility that these medications will be modified in another orator, so that the drug can be updated several times a year and not only one year.
There is no supervision of the use of specially expensive drugs.
The review also suggests that since the work of the Salt Commission 20 years ago, the Ministry of Health did not ask patients to report and did not take over the scope of the use and pharmaceutical exploitation, information that could allow the office to analyze and criticize the budget given to the hospital.
Two reports have been published in 2009–06, and these have been published in a considerable revival (after published the year and the budget exploitation period from 2009 to 2007).
The delay in conducting tests may result in a relevance of the data collected and analysis, the relevance of the statistical conclusions from the test after a long period, for a non-finite reduction of the second committee and decision making based on unfinished findings, was written in a report.
The department also does not criticize and supervise the use of specially expensive drugs and did not perform the seizures.
There are 10 medications that have been 62% of the sulf (1.7 billion NIS in 2021-2016).
According to the critic, the Ministry of Health will take detailed control of these drugs and technologies and analyze the extent of the use compared to the academics.
Control and analyzing will allow systemic conclusions on the work process of the Sele Committee and the coordination, and the manner of training in the reduction of medicines and technology and improved."
"Expression and I have been caught": a scandal at the Health Commission on the disappearance at the Defence House.
The uniforms of the first occupant were ten minutes before her death.
The Chairman of the committee, Silman: "If there were people there that the massacre would be like in the house — it would not look like that."
Ten minutes before the first gestation as a 40-year-old girl in a buffalo, she died of food poisoning from a medical measurement, so she claimed today (laish) in a discussion on the health committee.
“We have a nightclub that is checked during the night and there is a nurse who loves.
There were a number of reports of witchcraft and her last apartment was 10 minutes before she stopped responding, and they were hopeless.
She was in surveillance as the rest of the interviews with Shul.
She is a Saudiian patient, we had to get a gentleman to help her transfer and then she did not respond.
We started rehearsing and read to the nurse of the clinic,” described what happened on a Sunday that lasted in the morning.
It is the event in which three dairys died, six were slaughtered and a quarter of the peninsula (33 out of 131) suffered from malnutrition.
The director of the journal said the things about the fact that death from a food poison is testing of the proof and the lack of surveillance from the causes of the caretakers.
Dr. Nama Noss, responsible for the epidemiology of the Health Bureau, stated that "We cannot determine a discipline from the three digits have died.
They were taken from only blood tests."
It has also been suggested that even the illustrations in the hospital are no longer possible to reconcile a credible sample, and therefore it is not possible to determine the cause of death and disease.
According to the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health examined a situation in the massacre in four years at the request of the Ministry of Finance or for a renewal of license."
In India, the Committee of Inquiry had previously been appointed by the Inquiry Committee on Investigation and Prevention of the Investigation, which lasted three months ago at the Beni Zion Institute in Sharon.
The Chairman of the Health Commission, Sylman, said during the debate: "If there was a lot of people where the kitchen would be like at home — it would not look like that.
The reductions in earnings need more.
They are susceptible to susceptibility and susceptibility.
It’s shocking and I was caught what happened there.
The findings revealed they were even after knowing that the Ministry of Health had come to check.
Where are the responsibility and responsibility of the offices?
How do we not present the ministers and the directors of the offices have changed an explanation about what is split here?"
Yigal Naomi, the CEO of the Aquitaine House, who runs the paper himself, said " hundreds and thousands of people in every arc only with one purpose: to do good to people.
The people who have died are people who have treated them personally.
One of the degraded apartments on the hands.
This is a metastatic event in terms of us.”
Smader Owen, a former apartment in the same age, broke into him and said "dis with the lies and the beautiful words.
I was there."
"John Bermi, the representative of the parents in the Eks of Israel: "We have already complained about the food and did not receive the visit."
Oren Helman founded a project worth a chance to combine people with joy for not being published in the names of the horses who died: "You are their names at all.
They are less equal?
"Fortuous in the life of our children."
Immediately after the death of the surgeon, the surgeon caused a heart attack, and the patient died.
This is the first procedure performed by Dr. Pras Abu Akhkh as the only director for breast surgery in the hospital.
The chairman of the physicians complained that the director, Dr. Engel, had been warning before his appointment.
He said, “He’s a gentleman and a gentleman.”
First publication: a error occurred at the government hospital in Walpsson, in a patient's heart, which led to his tragic death.
The diagnosis of lung cancer was conducted on April 19.
It was the first operation conducted by Dr. Pras Abu Akh in the hospital after eight director of breast surgery in Vulpson.
During the surgery, which was intended to cut the area around the patient's heart, the surgeon accidentally caused a large stroke in the heart, leading to severe bleeding and the death of the patient.
The abolition of the facade opened the Pandora facade, which raised severe questions concerning the management of the hospital.
The Director of the Encyclopedia and Chairman of the Institute of Physicians, Dr. Ronen Berner, demanded an inquiry into a letter to the director of the hospital, Dr. Ein Engel.
In the letter, the most severe claims of the administration of Dr. Angle and the appointment of Dr. Abu Akhr, after the previous chief of staff, Dr. Beni Zukerman, moved to the Bahamas.
A giant hole in the
According to Dr. Brenner's letter, the patient was a skull, functioning and replicating his hand over the past four years.
Recently, he has been diagnosed with the spread of the disease, and the accumulation of fluids in the heart crust is found in the heart.
The surgeon Dr. Abu Akhr was also impressed that he could perform the surgery.
According to the complaint, in a serious incident, and Dr. Deckel, the director of a heart surgery and chest surgery at Volpseon, who was at the same time in the surgery of a child in the nearby room, was "would be called in the nights to the surgery table and saw a huge hole in the heart."
He said the heart was a blood transfusion, the blood transfusion was zero, and the analysis was incorrect.
In addition to this, Dr. Brenner said that Dr. Deckel had turned to him and said that Dr. Abu acher was not professionally suitable for the management of a breast surgery unit in Volpsson.
However, despite his explicit warnings, and even to be the direct director of the contract, Dr. Engel performed a mine without share of it and accepted Dr. Abu Ab Ab.
He also noted: "Speaking in a complicated procedure, lasting a few minutes, and adding: "nothing can be regarded as the elaborate process of accepting Dr. Abu Ab Abakh for the role.
The question is whether there is direct responsibility for the failure of surgery and the death of the patient.”
Sylvia Manosa.
To the "Israel today" there were information and claims of other senior physicians to strengthen the questions that had been raised in the parish of Dr. Ronen Berner.
Dr. Mordechai Schmovnow, a surgical director in Volpsson, responded to Brenner's thesis and wrote that Dr. Abu Akhr is "one of the most surviving surgical choreographers in the country, but a relatively young breast".
He also added that he was selected as a standard mineral and Dr Deckel did not take part in, depending on his desire for a "since" of the contract unit.
He also stated: "I was not a partner in the process, and maybe I was supposed to be.
Dr. Shimonov wrote that Dr. Prass Abu Akhkh began working on April 10, and as a 100-day-long-day hazard, all hospital physicians were impressed by his professions and motivations.
He made dozens of cases of a similar prosecution, and unfortunately the current case ended as a stroke.
The Walpson Hospital was delivered in response: "We are involved in the grief of the family.
It is a patient of the encyclopedia Dr. Ronen Brenner.
He is a graduate of the University of Wales and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Wales Hospital.
"According to Dr. Destiny Dekel, his statements are not accurate and excluded from the relationship.
It should be noted that this is the patient who was unfortunately in a very difficult situation.
The hospital examines the details of the case, and the Health Office knows the details of the case.”
Experiment: How to perform an antigen test independently?
The instructions on the aristocracy are confusing to you?
"Israel today" and "Union of Shadow" present: You can dig yourselves and get an answer within minutes.
The instructions on the aristocracy are confusing to you?
It’s not sure how to do the digo?
For this, we are here.
"Israel today" and "Unification of the Rescue" are a short guide and a voice for the performance of the home antigen test.
We wish to everyone to be positive in life and negative in the course tests – and, of course, complete medicine and health care.
Model for healing: Three senior physicians tell their mutants.
Professor Gala Reab misses the two and wisdom of Prof. Marvin Shapira Zell, especially during the Magpa era.
Dr. Shlom Kodash has not proven, even from his role, the dismissal from Professor Shaul Suknik Z.
And Dr. Ephra Baron-Harlva admits to Dr. Tommy Schinfeld about the degree in sympathy with the patients •
Three key people in hospitals write about who inspired them and encouraged them to be better, as well as as human beings.
Three senior physicians, three teachers for life and profession: for the day of the Israeli physician, "Israel today" invited Prof. Glia Rahb, Dr. Shloomi Kash and Dr. Baron-Harl to be remembered in the figures who were accompanied by the beginning of the road – and helped them become who they are today.
Prof. G. Rahav, the only director of infections in the Bahá'ís.
Prof. Marvin Shapira Z.
The meeting that will supervise my eyes – and changed my life.
I would never meet Prof. Marvin Shapira Zell, who was the only director of infections in the SS, probably I remained a doctor in an internal medicine.
He is the one who makes me love the field of infectious diseases and has influenced me to engage in.
I met him in the series Dasa, then in the 1980s.
For a moment I didn’t think I had to leave the inner, as I loved the treatment of abdominal himself; but Prof. Shapira showed me that the infectious diseases were also manifested in neurology, and in fact in all areas.
I thank him that brought me to this field.
Throughout the entire way, I loved his legal approach, an attitude that survives to the root of the problem.
The discussions with him were analytical and logical.
He was a doctor in all his soul, who loved the patients and taught me not to get things like their sons and to check for anything.
He was a real and wise man, an ego, a trait that I loved.
Initially, when I was asked to choose a doctor who was a model for me and influenced me more than all, I meant to choose my father, Dr. Josef Reverber Zel, a Holocaust survivor who served as a doctor in a partisan unit.
He was an amazing doctor who had influenced me to go medicine – but he also reminds me of Marvin Shapira.
Both, for example, feminine rings used to this day, such as "tysto Iz de Personalo", that is to cut the biopsy of tissue from the infected organ allowed to know what drugs are worth giving; or "Ven Hughes It", which is intended to explain that antibiotics are resistant to it.
He was married to a feminist physiotherapist who worked in the descent and father of two daughters.
He died before a year and when I found his family in seven.
He was something – a lone and smart epistemologist, who volunteered for anything.
He never complained, even during his hard illness.
He was one of the first physicians to treat fevers, and he was very missing during this period.
He had us today, I am sure I was consulting with him, and sure he was one of the leading staff to treat epidemics.
Mittel, a lighthouse.
"Kossaka saka saka saka saka".
Prof. Sullivan.
Teacher and a friend supported me and raised generations of physicians.
.
I met Professor Shaul Sukknik Zell first when I was a student in the fourth year of medical studies, and I traveled to an internal medicine in an inner department d.
I later returned to the department in a sixth year and the final work of the medical school I did in his guidance, writing a computer simulation on a patient with polyarthritic (inflammation in multiple episodes).
Shaul has influenced any significant decree in professional life over 20 years, and was the most significant man in designing a doctor; not only professional, but also – in particular, personal and human.
During the Sataj I confessed to family and internal medicine, and I consulted with him about the selection of the missions.
Eventually, I chose to attend an internal medicine in Soroka.
During the mission, he provided me always in a variety of epics – in scientific writing (sorry Shaul, not sufficiently rebellious), in connection with patients, work in a multi- profession – a field where the cerebral department is – and in fact, in any aspect of medicine.
To this day, I recognize my husband, as a doctor and manager, characteristics that come from Seoul.
When I finished the tension and enthusiasm if travelled abroad, Shaul urged and directioned me, and helped me in letters of recommendation and advice.
The duration was a very important period of my professional development, and without the urgent and urgent support of Shaul, it was not sure that it was happening.
When I got a offer to join the hospital management, it was again that Shaul was supporting and assisting.
Later, he took part in an internal medicine battalion.
Shaul knew to make a wonderful stage the teacher, director, social, and colleague to the team, regardless of his different roles would affect each other.
I want to succeed as it in this special combination.
He raised generations of students, stagers, and specialists, who are now in the medical system of Israel, and are specialists in their industry in their memoirs and activities.
In honor, I have to be trained with this group.
Ilia Ygorov.
"John Baron-Harl, Director of the Schneider Center for Children's Medicine".
Dr. Tommy Shinfeld.
The man taught me medicine, especially the clergy.
Dr. Tommy Shinfeld, the founder and former director of the Unit for the Nermat Center for Children's Medicine, taught me to be a pharmaceutical doctor, but more than that — he taught me to think.
I learned from him is to treat the most complex, patients.
The children, who were only healthy before, and are now among life and death.
The monopoly is to conduct very difficult conversations, perhaps the most difficult, with families who did not imagine to have a complex situation in a feminine therapy unit with their children.
It sounds strange, but it is the confusion.
But I learned from him a significant and deeper things.
When I am a doctor, because I am a doctor who is a doctor, it is clear to me today the connection between the worlds; the education I received from Mr. Schinfeld among them.
Sheinfeld taught me to listen to a lot of things: listening to children, listen to a monitor, listen to the nurses, to the young and adults alike, and listen to parents.
All this should be done not only to communicate more and more efficiently, but to collect all a great information that can prevent the next hydraulic hydraulicity.
The preventive processes in the treatment of children exist everywhere, and, of course, also in the treatment of malignant.
The harshness and discipline are more profound, both from the caretaker and their families.
My understanding today as manager is that these insights are also correct in view of a complete system.
The more deeper and more stricter understanding, the process of praising all the therapies, so the decision-making process will be more accurate, and especially – early enough to prevent future damage, immediate or far.
This is why Dr. Tommy Shinfeld is a much more inspiring figure.
He was a man who taught me a lot of medicine, but mainly taught me to think fast, listen – and then apply.
Iron Duron.
The wave is approaching: Approximately 38,000 deaths yesterday, another increase in the number of patients in a difficult situation.
A very high level of infections
The positive rate - 11.3% •
The diagram is higher than 2 •
Following the auspices: In the descent, a third corona is held.
The omicron magnetic magnitude is already felt in the hospitals: 37,847,000 infected yesterday (second) with Corona.
This is a list of reports that were published in the morning at the Ministry of Health, which is about 10:00 a.m.
It has been recorded since the outbreak of the rear.
The bridge is about 2.05.
Of 359,628 tests yesterday – 11.38 percent have been positive.
Today there are 185,753 active.
In total, 247 patients are in a hard condition and 59 are charged.
In total, 1,445 people are inhabited.
Remember, yesterday, the data presentation was changed, and the locations include those undergoing PCR testing in addition to infectious infectious infections that have been undertaken in institutional antigen testing.
The Dasa Medical Center reported that 63 patients were hospitalized in two Corona departments.
There are six patients in a critical condition and 18 in a difficult situation.
The mosaic stated that "two departments of the Corona are full, and our teams are already engaged in the preparation of the third Corona Division."
148,503.
A man is in shallowness (36,817 were added yesterday).
There are 542 medical personnel, of which 542 are robbed.
Another 1,008 Buddhas are brothers and sisters, and 2,193 of other professions.
Edited by Iroquois Iroquois.
Medical reproduction in the different stages of birth.
In order to gain compensation, the prosecutors must prove, in addition to the verdict, that the damage was caused by the crash.
Her birth is one of the most joyous and exciting events in the life of a family.
However, unfortunately, the births often end with severe damage caused by birth or libid as a result of the reductions of the medical team.
In cases where birth is ended in a physical injury, birth or mother, there is a place to examine the failures of events that led to injury and consider her face to be legal counsel.
A lawyer specializing in the field of medical requisition would test whether they fell in the management of the medical team at the various stages of birth, which caused damage, and that any medical expert would be present in the field of rhetoric.
It should be stressed that not every error in the treatment of the medical team increases to regulation (in the legal sense of this term) and that different complications during birth do not necessarily teach that it was irrelevant.
When is it a brassian?
When the doctor's error was absent from a probability or stance from a probability, and the lack of skill and stiffness from the conventional identities caused damage to the patient who was not a driver.
In this essay, the various stages of birth are explained by the complications that may occur in each of the stages and the two are immortal to medical reproduction.
Ceremony.
The leaves are typically 8 to 14 hours.
At this point, the uterus is gradually opened, and at the end of the process it is to reach a diameter of about 10 cm.
Most of the medical requisitions in the transfusion stage deal with the birth of a transfusion, which resulted in a reduction of a reduction in a brain tumor.
CP: CP.
A brain tumor may be caused by identification or delay in identification of a sebulary, which is expressed in failure to supply oxygen to the tissue of the organ.
As a rule, monitoring the condition of reproduction and proper defection of the fetal molecule will lead to early detection of a passive oxidation, which enables the medical crew to work rapidly and weaken Haileod before being hit.
In cases where the medical staff are marked by the lack of oxygen or the crew does not directly interpret the data before and in the organic molecule or react to a mutation that is manifested in a mutation – may result in the reduction.
It may also be caused by a stroke, as a result of a stroke that has not been identified at the time.
Even in these difficult events, it is appropriate to determine whether the medical team acted properly.
According to a report by Anna Reyf Ligenza, a scandalous and cooperative who specializes in a medical requisite, that her office treated the claim of a child who had been injured during his birth after the birth of a child severely damaged the burning head when the head was too high, leading to the burning of the corps (when the corps revolve into the head of the head).
In the case of a coalition, she stated that her office had filed for serious medical requisition of a large-scale medical team during the birth of a large report, which had not been identified with a clear mark of suspicion that had suffered from a coal reduction in the previous pregnancy.
The pulse that fell through the glacier caused his mother to suffer from a stroke until he was later rescued by the death of his mother.
Due to the harsh suffering during his birth, a child of a complex neurological feminine.
In order to gain compensation, the prosecutors must prove, in addition to the regulations, that there is a credibility of the medical crew that has brought to the identification of the transcendent and damage caused to a libid, meaning that damage is caused by the failure of the reduction or other cause.
The sympathetic contact will be conducted by examining medical measures on which medical literature only occurs, a sympathetic relationship between the transfusion and the brain injury.
Among other things, the uniformity of the acid levels in the blood of the fetus, its epgram, the existence of neurological and systemic harm.
Proceedings.
BioLib.
The activation phase begins with the uterine opening of the uterus reaches a diameter of 10 cm and ends at the birth of the baby.
Unfortunately, most medical complications occur during this critical stage.
Immediately and refusal to perform Caesaria surgery.
In some cases, dysfunctional birth develops, radiation, lack of progress of the active birth process.
In such situations, there is a chance to perform Caesaria surgery, in order to prevent various damage that might be caused by delay in childbirth.
"There are cases in which an imperial operation at the time could cause unfinished damage to the fetus", explained to us as a fief-liganza.
"for example, we have conducted a medical reduction of the death of a child caused by a significant delay in performing a Caesarian surgery.
Unlike any known medical practice, the medical crew did not have to identify the organic cluster and perform emperor surgery despite a particularly slow progress of birth.
The delay in the operation caused great damage to the Liloda system which ultimately led to her death near her birth."
Rainbow and the Universe.
In situations where a mother is trapped or a significant risk of a particular rapid end of birth, a birth and a universe is often performed.
In this process, bracelets are transmitted through a vacuum to the head of the abdomen and are thrown into the pulp.
The coin of this action involves danger and can cause damage to both a fetus and a birth, as well as a identification, accuracy, and a great skill.
In these events, a medical requisition may be expressed as the doctor does not coordinate the tasks and performs the operation despite the existence of a counter-attack, such as when the head is too high in a basin, or performs it for a long period of a mutation or failure, despite the failure of a number of great attempts, the doctor continues the doctor and repeats more than the number of stranded attempts.
In these cases, if the vacuum act resulted in damage – among other things, it may cause sulfur damage and symptoms that may cause brain damage – there is a place for a diagnosis.
It is named after the ERB.
According to the archipelago, there is a nerve injury in the brachial calcium (an nerve linking the pill to the upper part of the wing) and when it occurs during birth it is worthy to check whether the damage is caused by the maternity of the maternal crew.
The injury is expressed in the weakness of the hand muscles and can be reached by full severity of all the arms.
This is due to a difficulty in the expense of Heilwood due to a "first fever" occurring, a mild state of abdominality occurring when the fetus is trapped in the mouth of the fetus.
When should you suspect that the market is caused by medical procedures?
In cases where the equilibrium equilibrium equilibrium is indicated, meaning that it is expected to be born with a weight of 4.5 kilograms per kilogram.
When the weight of Heilwood is over 4 kilograms, there is a chance to consider the risk factors, including the reduction of pregnancy and the second phase of birth.
If the medical team ignores the infection of the fet or other risk factors and chooses to continue in birth and genelia, there is a reasonable possibility that it is a medical procedure.
Indeed, in 2694/90, the Supreme Court ruled that "the risk of birth would be predicted in advance or otherwise of accuracy, and the way to prevent the formation of a peasant treasury, where there is a fear of occurrence is an imperial analysis."
God's wrath.
The severity of the uterus and the uterus occurs due to the uterus after healing, and is accompanied by bleeding.
The process continues in most cases until half an hour after the birth of the baby and spontaneously occurs in spontaneously without the involvement of the medical team.
After the removal of the parent, the parent's medical staff were evacuated or the remainder remained part of their escape.
In this phase, complications may result in severe damage to the birth.
One of the known complications as a result of the remainder of the embryonic embryonic embryonic embryonic embryosystem, the coal transfusion occurs due to the remainder of the embryo, a phenomenon in the coal vagina in a way that does not allow the pregnancy.
Therefore, in cases where the medical crew did not recognize that the remainder of her or her remains were left in any means to prevent a coal rhetoric injury, despite suspicion of her siblings escaped, and a thorough examination of the case was made by a experienced lawyer.
Symbols.
The birth of a child during childbirth is quite rare.
In these cases, the event that was supposed to bring happiness and life to the whole family becomes, unfortunately, the most tragic event for her.
In some cases, the medical staff do not remove bleeding from the severity of the severity or react to the bleeding as a result.
According to a "for example..., our office filed a lawsuit against the death of a child, in the same case the medical team ignored and not responded to the respiratory threat of birth, for long hours, and no diagnosis of a massive and uncontrollable hemorrhage that took place as a well-being of a disease that had suffered."
In another case..., Ryf-Liganza's message, " represents the relatives of a born born after twin birth due to a bleeding that originated from the imperial surgery was not properly improved.
In the same case, complaining about harsh pain and weakness after surgery, but the medical crew did not relate to her complaints and the clinical situation, responded in a reverse after a corpse began to collapse, which resulted in her death."
The loss of mercy.
In severe cases, medical requisition may lead to a pulse of pneumonia by Ryf Lingza: "in our office has a lawsuit against a hospital in a vaginal basis due to medical requisition after birth.
In the same case, a 31-year-old girl, lost her abdomen due to a massive vaginal therapy conducted by the medical team after birth, and despite this, it was not taken during the actions that could prevent the damage."
What are the compensation violated in a lawsuit for medical regulations in childbirth?
Yaleod compensation for injury due to medical reductions in childbirth include numerous damage components, with the most significant amounts being given for pain and suffering, a risk of a salary, losses and pension to his parents and other damage components.
The losses of a salary and pension are calculated in most cases on the average salary basis of the economy.
It also includes the compensation of medical expenses, medical embassies, and comedic immigrants, the cost of a reduction to the baby's needs, ports, and more.
The sum of compensation was determined in any case to his body and under his circumstances, according to Reif-Ligenza, and it is explained that "today most of the claims of medical requisition are endowed with a compromise that reflects the risk and risk that there should be any side in the management of the procedure", but it is said that "there are cases where the procedure is only requiring, if the prosecution is carried out by the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution of the prosecution, is ident, and the ident, and the prosecution of the prosecution, and the prosecution, and the prosecution, and the prosecution, and the prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the pro prosecution, and the prosecution,
Identification.
Medical regulation in childbirth is undoubtedly the loneliness of any family.
In these cases, the correct legal examination of the events that caused the tragic outcome, by a transfusion in conduct of a lawsuit of medical requisition, could help you win compensation that you deserve.
This is the cause of the presence of the eyes of Cartoconus in the south.
Research has suggested that there is a connection between the development of the disease and the presence of close individuals.
The highest prevalence was found in the Bedouin sector.
An expert: "every inclined with a lot of weddings among cousins, there is a high comfort for the disease."
Cartoconus is a hypothetical disease that causes a number of eyewitnesses.
It is very important to test it in advance, and to find correct solutions to the prevention of the situation.
In recent years, several studies have been conducted that help understand how the disease develops, and developed innovative treatments.
The new studies give Bissos a study of suspicion as a result of a genetic disease.
Research from the last period, which was concerned with the reproduction of the radiation form, discovered that the cause of the disease and weakness of the radiation and its formation is related to anenzyme, followed by the free radicals can harm the proteins of the radiation – and its structure will change.
The origin of the genus is genetic, which strengthens the hypothesis that Kratocnus is a correlated illness.
According to Prof. Ariela Gordon-Shag, head of the University of Utopia at the Dassa Academy of Sciences, "a study published in the field among Arab students in Haifa, found a presence of 3.2% of Karatoconus.
The highest prevalence was with students from the Bedouin sector – 20% were with Cartoconus, but there was a small proportion of relations."
The author added that it is not surprising: "There is a large presence of Cartoconus in the Bedouin sector.
In our research we found that close marriages are a risk factor for cartoconos.
So in every revolver with a lot of weddings among cousins, you may have a high comfort.”
In this context, it is important to note that this is an important factor in the reciprocal conclusion: in cases where a family story of Cartoconus's disease, all family members are to access a suitable eye examination.
According to Arza Prochter, a clinical ophthalmologist, B.Sc, "the face of a ten-fold calinic from remote priprimate areas, mainly from the south, compared to the center".
Prochter adds that "in the last decade I noticed that most patients address the prima, especially from Bar seven.
This is mainly due to the high prevalence of marriage within the family (especially in the Bedouin and various malaria) and lack of awareness for proper treatment."
So how are the diagnosiss of the disease?
Prochter explains that Cartoconus usually develops at the age of maturity or in the late teens (ages 16–15 or 20).
The disease consists of a reduction in cylinder.
Cartoconos patients are tested on a profound and/or intensive vision of characters and villains.
These signs are illustrated with the development of the disease, which is generally slow and gradual.
However, the disease may also develop rapidly and reach its peak within a few months.
Many of the patients also test the increased sensitivity of light.
Three years after the action in Gaza, the IDF revealed the name of Sal M; Bennett: "When, the people know the face of the hero of Israel"
Mahmoud Kyr al-Din of the village is a vice-president who was killed in Operation Bahrain.
"Professor: The advertisement comes to him, his family and children."
It was later confirmed that he would be able to reconnaissance the resignation of a coup d'état.
After a three-and-a-half-year operation in Khan Evans, the IDF continues to publish that the killing of the action, Sal M., is a sultan of Mahmoud Khir al-Din Zal from a retired village in the north.
At the age of 41 he was in Nepal.
Bennett said after the publication: "For three-and-a-half years since a Lieutenant-General Mahmoud al-Din Zel fell in a secret operation in Khan Yonis, and only now we are allowed to discover his name and thanks to his contributions and services to state security.
He was a veteran of the army, and later grew up in the ranks of the army to be a champion in the special operations of the IDF.
The hero of Israel after his death in the shadow of the Israeli shadow.
He also said, “Love him at his funeral, and now there is the right to the people of Israel to recognize him, his name and the face of the hero of Israel, a vice-president of Mahmoud Abd al-Din, openly.
The surroundings carried her eyes.
Since the operation, the IDF has banned its publication from security considerations, and the day after a discussion of the intelligence wing, the military censorship, with its members of the military censorship, and the consent of his family, has been decided to publish his name and belief.
Mahmoud Khir al-Din, a hero of Israel (born 28 December 1977 in the village of Shurfish in the Upper Galilee, a son of his parents Ahmed and a nun, and seven siblings.
He is the son of the dynasty.
He was married to Nathan and father of two sons.
He served as a brigade officer, a brigade commander, and a commander in the Special Operations Command.
Throughout his life, Khir al-Din was a social leader, and the surrounding environment had its eyes.
Until she was a student at a school in Khorfish, then moved to the military school at the Harial School in Haifa.
In October 1997, he enrolled in a cadet, and in 2000 he graduated from the Artillery School.
In 2002, he was confirmed by the Special Operations Programme in Amman and transferred to his post.
He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in law and a Master of Arts degree in Business and Business Administration at the University of Haifa.
In 2002, he met his wife, Nahed, and in 2004 they married.
Their first child was born in 2009, a year when he established his friends with whom he operated for the promotion of the rural status in Israel.
In 2010, he became a member of the IRA and began to retire from a group in the village of Hörfish, after concerning the immigration in the rural villages to encourage the youths to enlist.
In 2013, his second son was born.
The head of the Amman, Al-Ahron Khaliyoh, explained the reasons for the decision of his name: "This is time we become a suspension of the discovery of Mahmoud Khir al-Din, the hero of Israel.
We concluded that there was no security prevention for publishing his name and belief.
It also comes to him, to his family and his children,” he said.
“God and an exceptional leader.”
“A lot of operational conduct is not less than a hero in my eyes,” he said a dreaming champion.
He has a significant contribution, which has courage and spirit, to the State of Israel.
It is worth he will get the appropriate place for him.”
And he added: "I didn't know him personally, but he was an education man, a gentleman and an exceptional leader – not just on the operational side, but also in the knees."
According to Emanuel Moranu, a coup d'état d'état d'état d'état d'état d'état d'état d'état d'études d'état d'état d'études d'études d'ét
The operation in Khan Evans took place on 11 November 2018.
The operation was a long-distance continuation of dysfunction in which the intelligence community took part.
In the course of the operation, the commander-in-chief was assigned to the commander-in-chief, Ral Gdy Eisenkot, Chief of Staff, Champion Tamir Heiman, and Chief of Staff, Nadav Argman.
The purpose of the action was not yet given to the public, and the IDF emphasized that it was a fact that the intelligence campaign would not be eliminated.
But in the Arab media, there was a connection between the Palestinian territories left by the forces behind.
According to a Hamas report, the operation was designed to transmit aesthetic devices.
According to publications, on the day of the event, the power traveled in two vehicles.
The battalions were arrested in a barrier by Hamas, and something in their behavior provoked the fear of Hamas activists.
The operators locked the vehicle and began to ask the passengers.
The investigation in the area lasted about 45 minutes, during which time it became more aggressive.
When the force realized he was in a problematic situation, Sal Kyr al-Din succeeded in distracting the Hamas personnel, and the second brigade succeeded as commander-in-chief, SAL A, to open fire.
Three Hamas officials were killed, and a horrified al-Addin al-Addin was also killed.
Ten months after the events of the harsh event, Ra'el Tel Aviv decided to accept the recommendation of the Committee of the Crusades and give the shadow a shadow to three of the warriors in the incident in the depth of the track, including Sal Khir al-Din Zal.
The Commander-in-Chief and other officers were also given a shadow.
According to the military, it was reported that SAL M was given the crusade of his "activity with his team, in an enemy, in a decisive position, a spirit, and courage for his friends.
He later worked out of the initiative and turned into contact, taking a precedent over the enemy, and acted in the promotion of the takeover.
To consider a transition from pension operations to a broad operation.
Israel needs to ask itself, again, if it is not true to a policy in front of the Jenin decrees.
During the Ramadan refusing to do so, he feared that Janine would be fueled and semi-professional, but it might be possible that the Jenin brothers would not leave her.
The weekend of the storm we have learned that the month of Ramadan is behind us, the area is still continuously falling.
I will require a lot of efforts and every right to cross the two nearest dates: the "Neuvre Day" that is now (from the beginning), and the day of Jerusalem, which is observed in two weeks.
A few factors would be opposed in an attempt to retire to the language.
At the beginning, as always, terrorist factors, special effort centers in an attempt to preserve the violent atmosphere of the last few weeks.
During the revolt, the rebels were sentenced to life imprisonment by a naval officer.
Fighters who had participated in the Battle of Ghanin indicated that they do not remember such a scope of shooting and violence – not only the lands of the Amala, but also to the right to use it.
This obliges Israel to ask itself, again, if not true to a policy against the Jenin sector, and for small pension operations and intelligence bosses for a large and mass operation.
During the Ramadan abstained, fearing that Jenin would be fueled and semi-autonomously followed by the defence and immigration; now, he preferred the security system for selective action, when he was required to avoid a cave, but it may have been that the Jenin brothers would not leave the capital.
To produce the lessons for future events.
Rez's death in the battle is the best response that Israel can give to anyone who claims to have killed a journalist Al-Jazeera, Shirin Abu Akala.
Operational activity is a dangerous matter for those who participate in, and for those who have been shown in the scene.
The IDF takes a great risk to his forces to avoid the possibility of committing innocents, and often pays for the lives of warriors.
This is a high morale, but there is also an immortal value that is lost – as happened in Jenin, it is an excellent source of information about Amalc, terrorists, and other terrorists; it is a information that is most likely to be obtained in another way, and in its means it can be confusing the following attacks.
The IDF was correct when he published a medieval investigation on the death of Abu Aqla, clarifying that it was not possible to determine who had died.
In the absence of Palestinian co-operation, it is doubtful if it can be reached in a single-dimensional line.
It seems nothing to persuade the Confederates: the world has already sought to condemn Israel without an empathy for the victims of Palestinian terrorism – the original word in which the IDF acts without a fief in Jenin.
As always, the nature of such stories is wrong.
The global public opinion is busy and continues, probably as in Ukraine continues to intensify a war intensively.
Therefore, a rope that Israel has difficulty to give the death of Abu Akala even more unnecessary moments of exposure, with the unsuccessful treatment of the police at its funeral.
Even if Abu-Aaqla's family did not stand in the early stages, there would have to be a little more balgable than the remainers who had accompanied the funeral journey, and certainly feel less than a Palestinian flag.
Responsibility: To act to calm the situation.
To do so, the Minister of Homeland Security and the Police burned about the incident.
It is similar to the danger in which the danger is sufficient and clear, but the fact that this is the second time it happens to the police within a short time, and in several different counties.
It also serves as the headquarters of the police department, as well as in the media.
To make a commission if not only in the conduction of the police in the funeral itself, but also in the production of lessons and conclusions that would allow more successful treatment in similar events in the future.
In addition to the internal treatment of the police, there is also a requirement to give the opinion of the public voters who have lost a road and direction.
Today, a number of Israelis are regarded as a danger to democracy.
They are found on the left and right, and use their immunity not to challenge the state, but to harm it.
This is the last example of this; if there are no measures – including a position to deny the attack of a police officer – a state encouragement of the country in a hearing of the next general election to a more officer than his actions.
Such kings, who are inspecting a defensive democracy, are essential in the repeal of this period, as in the background of factors that seek to exploit the situation for political purposes.
Whoever is right in his head is expected to rise above all these, and to act to the moment of the situation; otherwise, Israel may quickly be detected in front of enemies from the outside, and evil – in front of the opponents from home.
"Professor of the Government: Investigation and Government Policy".
The Israeli police had opened the operation to the illegal wave, but the way is longer
There is no day in the State of Israel, one factor that implies all this topic.”
“If you want to take care of the illegal drinking effect, government policy is required, and there is a limit on goals, missions and responsibility.
Nowadays, there is no one factor that implies all this topic," he says to "Israel today" a senior police officer.
Until a month and a half, before the escalation of the defence, the phenomenon was manifested in about 20 to 30 thousand eggs per day through the fences.
In addition, between 100 and 110,000 Palestinian Arabs, with work permits entering Israel every day through 34 excessive passages.
As a result, the number of restrictions in each branch covering the defence, economic, and political situation in the state of Israel.
The transmission is provided by a coordination and link management.
According to a report, it is not necessarily a Palestinian who has been banned from criminal involvement or relation to the attacks, but in many cases it is a Palestinian extermination that has been imprisoned because they are not in the hidden strings.
It is emphasized that those who carried the attacks in Ariel, Dizengoff and Alabama were considered to be "first" but were not profound, since there was no criminal offense that would affect the security factors to oversee their movements.
"Indeed, there is no meaning to their entrance through the fences in the fence," says a senior security factor, "Whoever wants to make a bomb can also enter the country through the successful transitions, and there are already such cases in the past.
Thousands of Egyptians.
As a result of the bombing in Ala and Laura, the police launched a wide-ranging operation.
By the end of the week, about 16,000 people were arrested.
Approximately 600 were investigated and opened to them criminal cases, and were imprisoned in about 200.
According to the police prosecution policy, legal proceedings against a ruling are only carried out against preferential criminals or people who are requiring the act repeatedly and repeatedly.
It is illegal for the first time to be investigated, documented and restored to the area.
This is also repeated for the second time, but only for the third time he was arrested, imprisoned, and served against him as a legal prisoner.
According to the law, if an illegal drink is seen in the range of 50 to 100 metres from the federation, the treatment is conducted by the military prosecution.
In 2021, 40,010 civilians were treated by the police in 2021 by the police.
7,405 illegal bureaus were arrested and 19,533 was opened.
The number of employers and composers treated by the police in 2021 was 6,537.
469 were arrested, and 5,640 criminal cases were opened.
The basics of the IDF are not dependent on the police, not in the Israeli society, not in the Palestinian society.
They depend on other factors,” a senior in the law enforcement system.
“To treat the phenomenon has to explore their motivation to go to work in Israel, and on the Israeli side there is a price that prevents them from crossing the fence.
According to the statutory statutes, the rate of unemployment is varied, and the fact that the arrests are only performed when a third of criminal offences are confiscated or a rationalist.
Judicial factors have argued that the decision to raise a price from the report only from the third session was accepted, as the courts cannot deal with the number of arrests conducted every day.
Whoever recounts the punishment, will find that she is not harmful.”
There is a large complexity.
In the report, a police factor, "he is a complex person".
He can be a father to a family that enters the country to make a few considers and return.
This is the basic platform, and should be dressed in a lot of kinds of "bigs entering the earth to make criminal offenses or attacks."
It may be in a cage or cactine.
In the past, they were caught by 16-year-old police and even 8-year-old children and 10 were sent by their parents to shoot roads, to earn a few kilograms daily.
“It’s also turning the matter into a complex, because in such cases we need to bring the parents and file against them indicating the guidance,” says a senior police officer.
Most Palestinians are employed in Israel in forced labor.
These are the most influential works of electrical or advanced building works.
There were also local authorities who were employed in evacuation, especially in the north.
Of the 34 passes, there are 18 major passages.
There are transitions of vehicle vehicles and goods, there are transitions that are only people and there are transitions that are both both and.
All transmissions are controlled by the IDF and the transmission services.
The slopes are usually private drivers, as it is in easy money.
There are some who do this to their own and there are gangs that their main occupation is the "highness" of the police, "usually most of them are Israeli Arabs, who speak the same language and correspond with them.
It can reach 100 kg to 300 kg per person.
Record companies do not deal with this, because if the company is printed, Dina retires."
According to the police, a fact that in some circumstances, the crime can be considered a crime.
A taxi driver who works with licenses in accordance with the retirement and autonomy, that a collection of pledges on arranged and regular occasions, including a arrangement, does not pass on the law, says a senior police officer, "Whoever knows he is a probation, usually collects them in a night in a hiding point, including a drop in a hidden points.
Most of these guys ride with a car from Chekmack because they know they choose the car so they prefer to travel in an old car.”
Iceland: Identification in a bird colony.
The area suffers from many eggs, with the damage stands for tens of thousands of dollars.
The "new guard" was established in an attempt to challenge the phenomenon.
.
"Israel today" can be seen in a residential area in the bird colony.
The area of the volcano is a Zilberman life.
The area has many eggs, with the damage being about tens of thousands of knots.
It is believed that the "new guard" was formed in an attempt to challenge the harsh phenomenon.
The Guardian: These are the times in which you have been impressed in your settlement.
As part of the "fire trains" exercise, a cliffs will hear on Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday in a number of locations in Israel.
In the case of a real scenario, a further proof will be reported and reported a real event in the auspices of the aristocracy.
The day-to-day reconnaissance command and the following week are exercised for various reconnaissance, including rockets and dangerous materials medal.
It is operated by a railroad.
These are the preferred ones in which you have been riding in the claws and the coffin of the coffin:
Sunday (15/05):
At 10:05 p.m., a rocket attack was launched.
Second Day (16/05):
At 10:05 p.m., a rocket was launched in Tel Aviv, the center of the city.
Wednesday (18/05):
At 10:05 p.m., she was on a "has hazardous substance" at the Carmel Castle.
Also, in the case of a real scenario, a further proof will be reported and reported a genuine event in the abdomen of the aortic command.
Immediately after a fire, one of them was shot and killed.
The Security Forces arrested 13 cavalry across Judah and Samaria.
During the operation of the IDF, a number of suspects fired at them, resulting in an injury.
The director of the Jenin, who had a 25-year-old marathon, is reported to have been shot in the IDF.
The IDF, the IDF, and the IDF, stopped the night (three) in 13 cavalry across Judah and Samaria.
The battalion operated in a number of locations throughout the Judah and Samaria garrisons, among other things in the village of Rashida and in the city of Jerusalem.
In the city of Jenin, in the space brigade of Mansha, two battalions were arrested and suspected of terrorist activity.
During the operation of the IDF, a number of suspects fired at them were heard from shots in the space.
It was a hit.
The director of the Jenin, who had been a terrorist, is a 25-year-old Mahr of the Jenin refugee camp, reported to have been shot in the IDF, which led to his death.
During the IDF operations in the Alaza refugee camp in the region of the Alaza Territory, a number of suspects were identified as stones towards the force, which responded in the means of the revolt of the rebels and the Rie Roeger.
It was a hit.
There were also arrests in the village of Silvad east of Ramallah, as well as three students from the "Kollah Allah", a list identified with Hamas at the University of Anjah, which was later listed in a violent confrontation with students of the Fatah and security forces on the campus.
"'There must open a criminal investigation against it': the city's visitor in severe accusations against a clause smoked.
The City Critics report allegedly allegedly fears for the criminal procedure of Dr. Kleish, a former senior in the city, and political rivals: surveillance of workers and payments from the office sees an account for the execution of the investigations.
"The hardest findings from the report require a criminal investigation".
There was no response.
Advances after municipalities and political rivals are provided to the office as an accountant for the execution of the investigations, "for the public coup account".
A report by Haifa Municipality Press, published yesterday (shilish), shows a alleged suspicion of a criminal investigation of the mayor of the city's mayor Dr. Kleisch Rothem against former high-ranking officials in the city, city workers, and political rivals.
According to the suspect, Klash met with the Bureau of Investigation and a reporter and asked to conduct investigations.
The investigations were conducted under the names and precedents given to the former city breed, and there is a code given to a finite councillor, and examined whether the mines exist between the city and a member of the family of Neksch, are stricken to the Drin.
It is also reported that there is no order and lack of control over the work of the accountant with whom Claire meets.
The city's gas is the city's core factor to concentrate and synchronize between the works of the accountant and the city's ecclesiastical ecclesiastical ecclesiastical ecclesiastical ecclesiastical ecclesiastical
This meant that no one in the city was aware of all the projects committed by the accountant, and that the amount of work required in each of them.
Moreover, the reports that the accountant sees the account have not been confirmed in many cases as required.
The scope of the subjects in which the accountant was involved was growing steadily, with great interference in the gradual management of the city, without any supervision and surveillance from the city.
As a result of the report, the criticism recommended to stop the payments not paid to the account, until it is accepted that the material detailed his work in each of the subjects examined.
In addition, accounts submitted to the city of Haifa were under codes such as the Guardians of the Spee, a database store, a fish shop, an investigational criticism for the mayor, and an acquisition report.
Shortly after, the city's chief justice, Clayn, stated that the mayor had signed a payment in her place.
"No was invited by a review report and no known about what it was," he wrote.
It is also known that the cost of the investigation was about 2 million NIS and a half a million NIS, and remained as half a million NIS for payment, the taxes of the free public.
The former city gas, Jacque and Kim responded, stating, "that these ventures were made for the covenant and the name of public officials at the expense of the public and pay for free taxes and violated criminal offence."
Sophie was assassinated by the city council in response: "The visiting report and recommendations of the committee speak for themselves."
According to a report by the Council of Ministers, the evidence and difficult findings of the city report require a criminal investigation against all involved in the investigation of the investigation, which doubts about whether they are permitted by a law in accordance with a law regarding the membership of the opposition to the former mayor and senior officials."
According to a report by the United States Department of Justice, "he seems to have crossed all of the Red Lines that a public authority sends details to collect information against lawyers representing corrupt corruption and time that her mortality manages public proceedings against the city's management."
Not a response.
The office sees the Judah Barleb account does not want to respond
"Genz revealed: Iran and Hezbollah acted together to harm UNICEF activities in Lebanon."
The Security Minister participated in the International Cyber Conference at Tel Aviv University, stating that "Israel recognizes the cyber systems of rivalry and their operational ways."
Ginz referred to al-Sayd's documentation in Hamas: "a video aimed at sabotaging – on the back of the humanitarian issue."
Lieutenant Commander 8200 revealed: "We were able to lift the water systems."
The Minister of Defense, Benny Gnaz Nam, the International Syber Center of the Syber Center at the International Syber Center of the Syber Center at the University of Tsam, exposed a joint attack of Iran and Hezbollah in order to counter UNICEF forces in Lebanon, "a further incident of Iran and Hezbollah in Lebanon and the eastern Lebanon and the country," he said Genz.
Gönz referred to the documentation of Hassam al-Sayd, the prisoners of the Hamas in Gaza, which was disbanded by the military arm of the terrorist organization: "a sabotage for sabotage – on the back of a humanitarian issue.
Hamas holds the four banners against international law, in contrast to the morals.
Hamas is responsible for this and our expectation from the international community is to act in front of this perception of Hamas."
He also added that "the State of Israel works in a variety of means, and continues to make every stone to restore the boys home.
As we have said in the past – this is a humanitarian issue, so we see it, and on this basis we will continue to act.
Experimental and conscious exercises will not affect our position and management.”
According to a joint operation of Iran and Hezbollah: Iran also activates its siber dimension: I can hinder the day after the Iranian security corps in cooperation with Hezbollah, in order to harm UN forces in Lebanon.
This was done by the implementation of a mission to steal materials on the Universal Systems in space, and using them by the Yizbalah.
This is a further injury to Iran and Hezbollah in Lebanon, and Lebanon's stability."
"Israel recognizes the cyber systems of rivalry and their operational ways.
We see in recent years a phenomenon of Iranian-American groups, which operated against Israel and other countries,” Genz and Syper continued.
"New Expeditions are terrorists with a counter-attack like other terrorist organizations.
We know who they are, we are harming them and their tables, and today they are on our intention – not only in the ciberal dimension.
No attacks against Israeli citizens will not be for the series today.
The others are the seizures and the state that finances and sends them.
A cyber attack can be ignited in a variety of ways in the cyberspace and other spaces."
Genz continued the attack on the nucleus: Iran leads the Siberian terror – and is concerned that the kings aim to influence democratic processes and governments, as happened in the presidential elections and other attempts that Israel is aware of them.
Operations like that of a Shahide unit that collected information on ships, fuel stations and industrial industries in several countries have been under direct requisition of Iranian leadership and despite the revolution as exposed in investigations."
He also added that "in the last years we have many attempts to break into private and public companies, in the country and abroad.
I also call the public to demand 'ciberential responsibility', and punish companies and bodies that do not work according to immigration."
Gönz continued and marked the following goals of Israel against the threats: "The top mission, our army, the industries and the various security organizations is to build the people, enrich them, and leave them.
I and the Chief of Staff made this issue as one of the main tasks in the relevance units.
We examine the power building all the time – also in the advent of manpower, both on the subject of training and on the subject of tasks.
In the next few years, we will also have to examine the form of arrangement, management and operation of the cyber warfare, on the effective and defensive characteristics of the IDF and the entire security system."
Eventually the Minister of Defense and called for cooperation with the world: "There is a major importance to our cooperation with the world in front of Iran as well as in the Siberian dimension.
The same collaboration we are building in front of Iran in a aspects of protection against various threats – we are also extending in the Cyber dimension."
The 8200 Commander of the 8200 Regiment revealed: "We were able to lift the water systems."
Uri, Deputy Commander of the 8200 Unit, said in the first public performance of the unit at the conferences of this kind, revealed that Israel was able to attack the water systems.
“Syber Islands is a major part of our activity.
The goal of us to achieve superiority on the attack, succeed in identifying him and action in order to compensate his abilities," said 8200 Commander, and added "every times we also find victims outside of Israel and then we make contact with other agents if necessary.
We do this both independently and by co-operating with industry and other agencies, through implementation and use of tools developed.
8200 will not be comfortable until the threat is removed.”
As a result, a threat to the water systems of Israel and attempts to poison the Israeli citizens: "We have denied the attempt to take control of the critical water systems of Israel and poison them a few years ago.
In another case, we also identified that a particular rival attacked Israel and within the same reason we also attempted to force force stations in the United States.
This was the first indication of this attack.
This threat has succeeded in avoiding close collaboration with our American partners."
Observ: The police are held to eliminate terrorists in a civilian population.
MGB Jerusalem is a new "compilation" facility in a crowd in response to the continuation of the attacks that took place in the last few months.
"New York: 'We are a reconnaissance to the Iron Age, and a transgression of the Iron Age.'
"University Computation".
The following bombing: a continuation of terrorist attacks in the spring by the Palestinian and Arabs, during which 19 people were killed and wounded, led the border guard to develop a unique technique for destroying terrorists within a civilian population.
"Israel today": "National" .
People's terrorism focuses on the impact of civilians and aims to minimize the sense of security required to manage a sustained life of a civilian population.
The wave of the harsh bombings that took place in Beer Sheva, Benny Bark, Ariel, Ella, and especially that took place in early April at Düsingoff Street in Tel Aviv, led the police to a creative thinking in order to develop a tool that would be able to train warriors to hide in the camps within a civilian population.
The division was led by the police and the border guard.
They competed in the various police departments under the title "Professional Headquarters", where each province was required to develop a means to improve the skills of the warriors, police and commanders.
As part of the competition, and as a response to the training of a gun in the movement and the martial artillery, bin David, a martial guide for the rear of a battalion in Jerusalem developed a dynamical device, which is connected to a telescope that can be made up of a transmitter.
Their servants are the guide to our dead, he can transmit the warriors facing by control and steering the target to different sides and ranges.
In recent years, border warfare and border warfare have faced many terrorist attacks, shooting, and a threat as a result of a violent movement in innocent civilians.
The "assembled" facility, in its present form, is based on a number of components that are used in different fields.
For example, the telescope that was upgraded and combined in the device was taken from the maintenance and cleaning heat.
Using the device, a gun can be used in a civilian population toward a dynamic target while keeping eye contact with the object, stopping in the movement, choosing a path of selective shooting, including a practice of preventing a harmful blast.
The bridge is named after the bridge, a bridge that has been constructed, is a breakthrough in learning and training for warriors and police.
The development, giving a relevant answer to the islands of Hayhos and reassures reality in the region.
The utility of developing in front of the cost of cheap production is a significant advantage in the competition."
The Central Election Commission does not appeal to the Cyber Islands.
Angleman was impressed in the International Syber week because of Israel's independence for pneumonia pneumonia.
“The Third World War will be the Crimean War, but the world will not come to it.”
The state visitor Angleman attended the Tel Aviv University's annual Cyber Conference and expressed fear of the Siberian attacks on Israel.
'We are dark.
Our data are visible to too many people.
Our money is exposed, our children are exposed, our health is exposed, our security is exposed.
The Third World War will be the Seyber War, but the world is not ready for it."
Angleman said that in the census of his editorial reviews, there were significant acquisitions: "In the last year we performed in the center of traffic management in Jerusalem, hospitals, and tax systems.
In reviews, we found significant ecosystems, including the fact that very little was done by public bodies, and some of them had ceased testing only during criticism.
In addition, he was assigned to the Central Election Commission for the Cyber Islands.
“We in the State Visitor’s Office are obliged to continue and refer to a significant topic you are, in the benefit of the citizens of Israel and the whole world.”
I urged Jerusalem to win the titles."
The choice in the lands: “What first moment showed me who wanted me, I was built to lead a big group.”
Returning to the national team after four years: "I felt I had a place, want to be in the squad for Yorubasket."
And the time in the Maccabi A: I learned to concentrate only on what I ruled.”
He is an admirer in an interview.
He is currently a member of the Israeli national team for Poland, where he meets the local team at the qualifying stages of the 2023 World Championships (five, 21:30 p.m.).
Three days later, the team hosted Estonia in the All-Star Team.
At the same time intensive training with the team, Blazer also spent the last week in his future, until he signed a two-year contract with Jerusalem.
“I have a quiet head now after I found a group,” he says “Israel today” in a first and special interview since the signing.
I have now some pressure that I have to move to a apartment with the family after we settled in the center and it is not easy, but there are no phones and professionally I am much calmer.”
You wouldn’t have been in the four years, until how happy to go back, and how much do you want to play in the next two games?
“First of all, I want to enjoy the national team and I come at a meeting of donate everything I can, if it’s from my experience and if it is on the field.
It is understood that I would like to play, but when they reach the national team every one should put the ego on the side and do everything so that the team will succeed.
I am here for what I have to have.”
Now you are 14 players, and the European Championships will be joined by a suicide, Gabby Chachashvili returns, and maybe there will also be further changes.
Do you have to be in the squad for the championship?
I would like to be on the field and cause.”
The 29.99 m (29.99 ft) team played in the last two years.
At the end of the season, it was clear that he would not continue on the yellow and after a few weeks he moved to the capital, preferring the inheritance of Jerusalem over the wreck.
Do you have more suggestions, why chose the Jerusalem Worker?
“They have shown very great correctness to I be there, and therefore there was a relatively easy radius.
Once I felt a connection with the management and the coach I realized it was the right place for me.
The situation also seems to me good and fit.
I come to lead and be a significant part of the team.
I spoke with the coach and has a mentality of hard work and victories, and that's exactly what I bring.
I always liked to play Arena because I get energies with the public is against me, and now they will be on my side it will be more good.
I am sure that there will be a group committed and right and I wanted to be part of that.”
Responding a little about your conversation with coach Džić.
“A professionally he believes in a lot of movement without a ball, he plans to bring good morals with I.Keyo high basketball and want a very intense team.
He believes in high energies in defense and attack and with the audience in this country can succeed.”
I looked at your career and I saw that every group stayed for at least two years, if not more.
Do you feel that even in Jerusalem can you stay a few years?
“Everywhere I come, I love to connect and give everything, and people appreciate it.
From the moment I felt in Jerusalem my phone did not stop ringing and bombing.
I received a lot of messages that have been waiting
So I believe that waiting for us for a good period.”
Do you think that Jerusalem will be a more significant player than in Maccabi A?
How do you compensate the two-years in Maccabi A?
Fortunately there were things that were not in my control during the last season.
Everyone saw that I remained a professional throughout the course of the road, and no matter how much I was - I always gave everything.
I am proud of the way I did in the last year and now every one goes to his way."
If it was dependent on you, would you want to stay in the Maccabi?
“After the last year it was clear to both sides that we were going towards Frieda, but it’s part of the business.
Towards the end of the season I was hurt a bit in minutes and my class declined, although in the middle of the year I had an excellent period, but they decided to go to other directions.
After I understood the situation there, I realized that it was less place for me.
The work of Jerusalem is the best option for me and therefore I chose it."
ending, what are your goals in the next season?
"We've told a lot about what was in the semi-final of the last season when I shouted for the Beatons – the manager of the Maccabi Haifa – 'I am here', so I got to Jerusalem – to take titles."
Wyd Baldwin may join the Maccabis.
The cluster runs with a star in the semi-final season (26, 1.93 m) and lines to the rear for the 2022–23 season.
Is a saint in a way to purchase a staircase?
The bridge and Lloyd Baldwin may join the wrestlers and complete the rear line for the 2022/23 season.
Baldwin (26, 1.93 m) played in the semi-final of the Basconia season and averaged 14.1 points, 4.4 assists and 3.6 rebounds per game.
He had previously played in Bayern Munich and Olympiacos, and also moved to the NBA.
If they signed, Baldwin would join Alex Foythers, Guy Pennynny, Darren Hillard, Austin Hollins, and Bonnie Colson already signed a summer contract.
Rafi Manko and Josh were ordered to sign soon.
First publication: Adam Ariel will move to Tel Aviv?
The Reds want to burn the 27-year-old furur if they are released from the Israeli plant •
A man may be asked to the city of a miracle.
In Jerusalem, he decided not to revive the Opposition of Ritin Obasu.
The work of Tel Aviv examines the possibility of burning Adam Ariel if he is released from Jerusalem.
As mentioned, a few days ago, the future of the 27-year-old furord was doubtful, and the group would take advantage of its predecessor, when a final decision would be accepted in the next few days.
It is now revealed that if he does not continue in the capital, the worker will try to sign in her lines.
In Jerusalem, the heads of the club decided not to regain the option of a new season, and announced his release from the club.
In the meantime, the Guardian raz Adam may be loaned to the city of Nassau after asking to leave the Reds in order to get more minutes of play.
At the same time, he was sold to the Belgian Sultanate.
The 19-year-old Tanzanian link, who joined the youth team in the 2020/21 season, would play in the next season in Salta and the Belgian League.
In the spring of the spring, they announced that they had come to a summary with Zolta and the Belgian League for the sale of Novatos Miroshi.
At the age of 19, he joined the Maccabi Tel Aviv youth team in the 2020/21 season and played 14 games for the youth team.
In the season 2021/22, Miroshi was loaned to the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, where he scored a goal in 26 appearances.
Miroshi was named to the senior team of Tanzania, where he scored 2 goals in 8 league appearances.
Wyd Baldwin summed up in Maccabi Tel Aviv.
The yellows are approaching to the completion of the wave: A star in the season (26, 1.93 m) is expected to formally sign and join the rear of a catache.
The Spring Maccabees were swiftly acquitted: The Guard and Lloyd Baldwin ended his condition and were expected to sign for an official rear rear line for the 2022/23 season.
Baldwin (26, 1.93 m) played in the semi-final of the Basconia season and averaged 14.1 points, 4.4 assists and 3.6 rebounds per game.
He had previously played in Bayern Munich and Olympiacos, and also moved to the NBA.
Baldwin is expected to join Alex Foythers, Guy Penny, Darren Hillard, Austin Hollins, Bonzie Colson, Rafi Manko and Laurenzo Brown, who had already signed a summer contract.
The Senator Josh also resigned his condition and was expected to sign in an official form.
Everything or nothing: 1:1 among the workers in Jerusalem to operate the room.
Guy ceased to score a self-defense in the 33th minute but managed to correct with equality after 10 minutes.
Later, the connection was extended in red (74) •
The house also remained in ten players following a red tribute to his friend Loy (87).
The professional team of the worker in Jerusalem Book tonight is good for the amount of foreigners on the grasses in Teddy, much more than once, it will be noted, and in a certain stage they have even discovered one less actor.
This time for their joy, everything was a teacher, and 1:1 that the troupe would not be taken from them by the court of the association.
Before the Red Skull ceased, he was able to conquer a self-portrait and starve in order to make an expensive point for his lion.
As early as the 33th minute, the show began.
Falcuchenko reverted to expand, and the connection was delayed, and the broadcaster was arrested on the network of his team.
0:1 In her room she had a self-portrait of the connection.
Ten minutes after the self-gate, he was able to repair and repair a bank—Bakovich assumed air and the link to the right grid.
1:1 Teddy.
In the 74th minute, he was also able to register a second and red cage, this time after he was expelled to Marmentini's direction.
Daniel Barnett decided on a clear red and sent a straight connection to an early shower.
In the 87th minute, Bar Nathan also sent his brother Levy and balanced the powers on the grass.
The recovery department: Ill defeated the sick.
60:85.
The team of Ariel House composed a third win in a continuation, this time especially impressive •
Hoover and Schochmann (15 h) have been cited.
The reconnaissance voyage lasted the evening with a impressive 60:85 victory over the workers on the way to a 0–3 record.
Since retiring to the final, Ariel's team has already won three consecutive victories, and this is a surprise only for those who did not see in the game.
We have not long seen a bad dream as a.
This was the first time that the club had finished in the UEFA Champions Cup: only 60 points, a third-place finish, and 11 percent for the entire game.
In the lower row, no impressive evening of all team players (except Murphy Manko, scoring the 3-seconds of the sand), including the safe mason Chris Jonson.
On the other hand, he wore a good talent for Hoover and Joaquin Schumann (15 kg).
The first time he was back in the last and the second was back in a fence with a salo from three quarters of a field.
Let them Chans: The Israelis of Maccabi I have saved the book.
After defeating Derby and Eighth in Europe, a clash in Klasiko against Jerusalem – probably ended the long-running romance between Maccabi Haifa and the Greek national coach.
So who Ianis must send a foreign flowers more tonight?
His Israeli team, which was responsible for 42 critical points in Arena
Also: Why should the yellow club change the Americanization strategy, and take an example from the model of Ariel a composite house in Eilat.
It is difficult to remain a cynical look for the warm, warm, and strong eyes that gave Ianis Spropolus to his players at the end of the match in Arena, especially in front of her close feat and secret replacement with John spokesholmo, in which he saved the Greek coach, and perhaps the entire season.
Because after a home loss in the Derby and eighth loss in Europe, he also lost to the Celestio to Jerusalem and stayed away to three wins in the table?
It was already finishing the Israeli-Japanese novel as long as the night.
So in the meantime, he is with us, and he has a lot to learn from this game, also and in fact mainly about the EuroLeague.
First, Maccabi A came with a radical change in the rear of the attack and the pulse of the ball.
The ball moves in boats, with a lot of movement and exercises, and Scoti Wilbkin, in a modified manner, left the concentration full of Evans, as a very shorter, especially under the limits and abundance of cavalry.
Although he was very bad (2-9 from the field), Wilbkin contributed to the defence, especially Maccabi was suddenly seen as a team, and the other players were cast.
However, towards the end, naturally with less oxygen in the brain, the team returned to the old mortars, and the attackers returned to the bracelets and fences, with a 2 and 40-second advantage, Scotti as a semi-final, and a ploater on a single leg that nearly lost the game.
The wisdom is to continue to play exercises and traffic in the calach moments, and it must enter nature and to the group DNA.
The most important learning will be Ianis and the club about the use of Israelis.
These became a water resources and trends in European games.
The night they scored for the coach who stopped believing in them more than half of the team (42 out of 83), and those who retained the match were living in the end.
Four of the top five rockets in the Maccabi were its Israelis.
And not to say Israel is not Europe.
If they can be dominant against Jerusalem, the most European team in our league, they can also help in EuroLeague.
In the first half, it was primarily a laser assistant, which the broadcaster had already been discontinued for a month.
Cloud, morale, warrior under the slopes (7 rebounds), 2 m (2 ft) of defensive snakes and a game.
It's not enough?
In the second half, Jake Cohen, with a percentage of all ranges, a slight wind from the line, and a feud on the knee of Joyce's injury, particularly John Dee, in a situation of 70:63 Liechelles changed the monument with 5 consecutive points.
With the opening of Zyu, Lianis has a complex relationship, and he seems to have given him too much credit, and more relied on, until he risks a loss.
It also happens in EuroLeague, and it also happened the night.
But the important learning needs to be of the club, regarding his Americanization strategy.
Work: The senior Israelis no longer want to come to the Maccabi.
Weather Guinea and Sea Mader went to Europe but not to Maccabi, Rafi Manko returned to the lone, and is now a spokesperson in Jerusalem, or perhaps rejected by Maccabi.
And this happens that the Maccabi remained fewer places for the Israelis, because of the poor and root choice of the club based on Americans.
The Maccabi will soon come to the watershed, where there will be no Israelis who will want to play in it, and then she will seek Jewish children to pursue his citizenship, and pressure on the director/General to increase the number of foreigners.
But this is a fateful mistake of the club.
And the game we saw need to remind the Maccabi that she was running with the strangers, a lot because of the tax landing.
It is certainly not claimed that the Israelis alone are sufficient, but they are good enough to support four immigrants.
So instead of spending the same money on one planet and another eight mediums, there are five excellent ones.
For example, the season, in Williams' money, Nanley, Evans, Reynolds, and Tilor, was able to bring two stars (center and forward on) effective and stability near Scotty and Jessiech.
It will be more effective, it will be more true, it will be more Israeli, it will be more beautiful and interesting.
As there are two long and long term frameworks – so should rely on your Israelis.
And also because you are an Israeli team, which is converted to represent Israel, and even receive a tax for the reserve – its representation in Europe.
The National Basketball Association can help Maccabi, and return to languages with a number of foreigners being relegated to the Israeli League.
6 Rouster, 4 in a forum, maximum three on the field at the same time.
Are you for the long-running accomplishments (about seven years in Europe), only for Maccabi, the league is excessive in foreigners?
And the actors' organization, what are you?
For this, their daughter?
There were two Israelis on the field, and now there is one?
Like George Costanza in the pilot of Seinfeld.
To take to get less?
The previous Russian law was good for basketball, good for teams, and even good for Maccabi.
And if someone had to strengthen the navy towards the port, it came to work in the early game and explained it so beautiful.
With three foreigners, and more than 4 Israelis who were only second in the youth competition (Hover, Ben Moshe, Roina, and Shechman of the Fighter), she disbanded the sand for the second time in the last two weeks.
This is a tradition of playing good with three strangers, because there was also a run in the days of Dan Schmir and a lot on the days of Sharon Drucker.
The short Il is simply a more elaborate and effective group, and no such as Ariel Home, who started in the open fields at Shmuel Hill, demonstrates and remind us of how Israeli basketball should look.
Everyone at the height of fitness, everyone plays together, and all the Israelis learn and improve their game.
The seeds are only compensated.
When the stone of Carter and Casey Prather return from the knee, it will be a huge group.
I sang a song on Il.
And the Maccabi can learn from him about the right direction.
Yellow festivities: "It was a feeling that all the world against us."
The yellows are happy after the 78:83 on the work of Jerusalem in Arena: "We have returned to play as Maccabi I have to play."
On the conversation of Amy Beaton in the blast, the first optimistic diagnosis for the injury of Jiřich and the approval of the management to acquire.
A large light sensation was recorded in the morning (first) among the Maccabian people after the 78th:83 most important and important, yesterday, in Arna, Jerusalem.
The team's players and the management team competed with coach Janis Spropolos, who seemed very excited at the end.
I will open a laser and a laser with a flame on Drake Williams, as well as the rest of the team smiled a great smile of happiness that showed how much pressure was released after the last losses.
They were also afraid of defeat in front of the big rival that sought further the system.
The fans also stayed long minutes to celebrate the offer.
"There are among us and Ianis an amazing connection in the blast room", he told a laser.
“We know the situation was not easy for him, a lot of pressure was released.
I knew it very, even in the way we played.
We returned to play in the way that Maccabi A should play, with heart and fight, we are behind him.
He made our motivational conversations and spoke with us.”
Prior to the game, the team's manager, Beaton enters the detective room and carried exciting things to the actors.
"There was a great influence on how we went and how we played the episode," said actors in Maccabi.
Despite a great joy, Maccabi has already been preparing for a major game against Escunia on Thursday and want to score the longest losses in EuroLeague.
"I believe that this game will change the monument for us," he added laser.
“We lost a lot of games at the end and this time they led a few minutes to the end and we were not broken.
“In the last games we were under a lot of pressure, Janis told us that if we were freed, we would win those games.
I believe that this victory will take us forward.
A lot of eyes on us and it was the feeling of all the world against us, I am proud to go to war, we will inspect all the surroundings and look only on ourselves."
Anato Jažić, wounded in his right knee during the last quarter, was tested by the medical team in the blast room and the initial diagnosis was not severe.
The doctors will examine how the knee will respond today and then it will be clear how much rest is he will have to have to recover.
The team believes and hopes that the player will be a move to Alaska.
In a meeting on Thursday, the professional director Nikola Vichych was given a green light to bring one or two actors to strengthen the team, and the prospects are hoped to soon acquire quality.
Anthony Bennett was released from the Jerusalem plant.
The first round of the NBA draft failed to qualify for the team.
At the club they separated: "Anthony enters the heart of all of us, thank him for the period in the work".
Four months after signing with Jerusalem, Anthony Bennett was released by the team.
The Round (28, 2.03) won the 2013 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers, scoring 7 points and 4.2 rebounds in five games in the Champions League, and 6.3 rebounds and 3.3 rebounds in eight games in the Premier League.
"Jerusalem Jerusalem and actor Anthony Bennett announces that they have come to a joint decision on the transfer of the player's contract at the club," he was told from the club, "Antoni went into the heart of all of us and we are asking to thank him for his time in the operation.
I wish him only good and success.”
Research determines: Zoom meetings harm the creativity.
About 2,100 engineers and academias in the world have been asked to develop solutions to the problem – some in video encounters, some of them at face-to-face meetings.
The result: virtual meeting harms creativity and thinking outside of the box
The leading research at Columbia University: "The severity focus in the curve is the process of creating ideas" •
Note: There is no indication of the work or the critical thinking.
A large scientific research recently published in Nature has examined the impact of meetings through video programs on the creativity of participants, compared to face encounters.
Unfortunately, it is found that the creativity is actually hurt in virtual meetings through a agreeable.
The research question – led by Melanie Brooks, a professor of Columbia University – was whether remote meetings with a computer maintaining the creativity that exists in office-oriented meetings, or the creation of creativity and free thinking declines as a result of the era.
The study itself began in 2016, but was given a large drought in the two years of the Corona, where many workers had gone to work from home.
“People in a personal meeting are moving in the room, use objects and help them to creative thinking,” he says Brooks.
In a computer transmission, however, the concentration of the eye contact with the others came at the expense of the creative activity in the brain.
The suspension focuses on the circumstance of the cogaine.
People are more focused on the video while interacting, which is in the process of creating broad and expanded ideas."
The space is transcendental.
To test the results of the experiment and make sure whether they are repeated twice – once at Columbia University and again in real life – about engineers who knew it from early mines.
The university divided a group of 602 faculty and students into two parts – one of the requests to meet personal and develop solutions to the problem, and in my time they were asked to do so through a computer.
At the same time, 1,490 engineers from five countries in Europe, the Middle East and South Asia were asked to share similarly and solve a new issue.
In both cases, there was a decline in creativity and importance outside the box among those who met virtual in the video.
Jay Olson, a post-doctoral doctor at McGill University in Canada, and a study that deals with the ways of creativity, was not involved in research but was not surprised by the results.
In his view, in a thinking activity, people are usually looking at their environment to conceal ideas, while in a video meeting, the thinking gathers into the screen rather than expanding in a way that enables creativity.
“When people in the same room are looking around them and see the space, where there are objects and situations that can evoke new collectives.
However, the study shows dissatisfied through a computer changing our attention so that we are more concentrated in and in the screen, and this way reduces the innovation and create ideas through looking at the environment and thinking out."
There is no indication of the criticism.
However, and before managers reiterate the employees back to the offices, researchers cite that "the work through a computer did not harm the public itself and not the critical thinking of the people about innovative proposals, when they had to choose the best idea out of a set of ideas.
This is because of the fact that the impact is only a focus of creativity and not the other forms of work in front of a computer."
Prof. Alan Langer, a professor of psychology at Harvard University, has also obtained the findings.
According to her, "There is a difference between just creativity, such as new uses to Parisby (one of the research questions; ag) and solutions of work.
It may also be that the workers are more comfortable after farming, or that they work from the house, the creativity will be improved."
Both Prof. Langer and Dr. Olson also suggested future research in which such meetings would be stopped in the thought and veterans of the room to see how this activity would affect the final outcome.
In addition, Dr. Olson suggested that due to the study only to the resurgence of a laboratory, he suggested that he did not violate one research but to conduct further investigations in the field.
I would not want employees to come back in her shoulders, and there would be no happier than it would be a bigger hit,” he says.
Mask waits for Trump's return: "No was right to block it."
The trio of Twitter said that he would make a decision, which led to the suspension of the former President of the United States •
'When this was a mistake,' he admitted.
The owner of Tesla and SpaceX, who had recently acquired Twitter in a $44 billion deal, said that his intention to return Trump to a social network, which had blocked him while he was president, after a feud from supporters of his supporters in the cabinet after losing the Democratic nomination, Joe Biden.
"I don't think it was wrong to stop Donald Trump.
I think it was a mistake,” he said.
"If there are mistaken and evil cliffs, there must be a confusion or transform them into a mirror, and the time – is temporary, it is worthy, but not a fixed ban," clarified Mask.
By 2050: the world will lose 80% of the available water for agriculture.
A new global study expects a significant decrease in the next 25 years.
The Management of the Water Resources.
A new and more recent research published in the Earth's Future, estimates that by 2050 the amount of water available for gravitational agriculture is about 80%, and the rate of water consumption and the growth of the global population will remain in their current usage.
In research, in which scientists participated in all scientific agencies in the world, the scientists cited the total amount of rainfall, rivers and water sources in the world and compared it to the needs of humanity in agriculture.
The gravitational regulations show that it is true to now the rate of water consumption doubles itself over and over the last 10 years, with global warming resulted in a few rainfalls in agricultural areas around the world.
According to the study data, 84% of the land intended for agriculture in the world will have a shortage of rainfall.
One of the major conclusions that came from the study reads to farmers around the world to adapt the agriculture for climate change and seasons, and for the methods of reduction of water to the ground to prevent the water from damaging, leading to a widespread waste of rainwater.
In addition, researchers recommend that workers work near the source of saltwater water, using voltage technology to prevent their flow into the sea.
Information about many students from the University of Ilan Dalf to the network.
Critics that reflected the database of the University of Ilan a few weeks ago threatened to publish the data on the students if they don't get a mercury.
The threat is transmitted and the information was published across the network.
Students at Bar Ilan University are under the control of the Crimes when their personal information was published across the network by a network called Darkrypt and published a few weeks prior to the request of the university officials and threatened that if they are not paid a sum of uncertain money, he will publish the information under his control.
The estimation of the money required by the attackers is that it was a sum that began in thousands of dollars, and that the clock was raised, and before the information was published, it had already reached a few million dollars.
Students from the university and the faculty are full of identities and the messenger, while students are not able to enter their personal information systems and cannot perform a tutored student task.
The university sent a message to the university that was delivered to the academia, and that they are intensively working to reduce damage, while breaking some information into the network.
No special guides were delivered to those that their information was evacuated, and it was said that the university performed a series of actions to strengthen the security of the university's ministers.
"1940: The optical probe arrives in the building.
The priprivatization of the Internet is rapidly continuing, and now the optical fiber reaches the Benjamin Council with 40 settlements •
The project was co-founded by the Teleran, X-Fiber, and Internette Reynolds, as well as Internette Reynolds.
The Binyamin Council signed a broad agreement to land optical fibers in all towns of the council.
The agreement with the Net-Fiber project in collaboration with Ramon, the X-Fiber company and X-Fiber Corporation signed after the end of a large mine in the council in the last few months.
Works will begin after holidays and seats from 40 towns that would be interested in connecting the optical fiber infrastructure would be from high speeds of 1 giga and advanced transmissions to a house that would allow a strong WIFI record.
They can choose a rapid Internet on optical fibers or on a fast filter on optical fibers that will provide on a remnant online.
The council insisted that the market is open to competition in any situation.
The Mayor of the Regional Council Benjamin, Israel Genz: "This is a real Zionist.
It is a large number of inhabitants.
The experience of living in Benjamin will improve, students will be able to learn remote if they need, be allowed to work from home and to establish advanced businesses in the communities that will be able to get a quality and accompanying interest.
I want to have success for my dear friends in the performance tasks in the settlements.
The inhabitants are waiting for you.”
Gönz added: "We are able to get the proper conditions of a fast internet in Israel.
We have spent a lot of months to bring a base for the establishment of the fibers and now the vision becomes reality.
I thank the Minister of Communications, who started with us in his previous term, and now we curve the salary fruits, the staff of the Communications Minister, the members of the Council who were faithful to the Center and the CEOs of companies that have been at the center of a professional quality from the goods in Israel."
Reamon's CEO, Yirib Far: "I confess to the head of the Council of Israel Genz and his staff immediately immigrated the corps to bring a line to thousands of residents of the council who have been transferred to a fast internet that upgrades the quality of life in the fields of education, economy, and leisure."
Tallaran's CEO, Shi Aslan: "We are happy about Benjamin's decision to connect to fast and powerful Internet infrastructure and I am sure that because of the experience of the group we can grant rapid internet residents just as in the center of the country."
The CEO of Ex-Piber, Israel Alfayer: "The establishment of communications infrastructure in Benjamin is 2021, a proud X-Fiber to take part in the establishment of the secrecy infrastructure in the archipelago of Benjamin, I have no doubt that because of our acquisitions with a "Yesch" in general, and Benjamin, in particular, we will integrate all the engineers in order to bring the Internet to all the whole of the council."
In our view: What does the phenomena I want after the Corona vaccine?
Many people are immune to weakness, heat, and fire after receiving the equilibrium, while others are not afraid of the •
Can this point on a stronger immune system than those who experience these phenomena, or that is a fundamental submarine?
While more and more people are bounded, the lack of information on the sides of the blast and to create rumors, which are not correct.
Is these immune system that developed stronger side effects than those who responded less in the material to vaccine, which may prove their system fails to fight in a foreign body that has entered the body?
"There are some levels of response to the vaccine", says Dr. David Devier, head of a primary medicine wing united and a member of the Advisory Committee on Certification, calming: "first fathers, fatigue, pain instead, are the immediate reactions of the immune system.
So the body reacts in the entry of a foreign body into the system."
There is a connection between the levels of antibodies that develop to the side effects?
There is no correlation between the senses of antibodies against the virus.
About 60%–50% felt swift phenomena, but 90% develop a defense against the virus.
It is not found that people who have experienced more protected reactions.”
In medical literature there is no correlation between immediate response to the immune level.
Some experiments in which people were also given plasma vaccines, about a quarter of them developed headache.
This is also a mental component – how the person catches the vaccine, if he expects there will be a Hawaiian phenomena.
Much of the phenomena that can happen also normally, but because the public is reluctant to deny itself, and this is a hypothesis that is consistent with predictions in general – a recession of phenomena close to the vaccine and is attributed to it."
According to Dr. Devier, the reasons for reported profits, such as weakness and headache are not yet known.
According to the heart muscular muscular muscular, a dispute.
"There are all theories on the subject, but it is noted that the virus itself causes higher rates of maukertitis than the vaccine.
One theory is that this is a strong reaction of the immune system.”
There is any possibility to assess the strength of the immune system?
“When students were exposed to the influence, showed no questions or higher pressure were more vulnerable to infection.
Besides, there are laboratory parameters that examine the immune system or its components.
When there is a decrease in the immune system, see it immediately.
People kidnap a lot of viral diseases or infections.
It is not someone rotates with a weak immune system and is not aware of it.
These people who come to burrow because of repeated and fatal events of infections, and what affect the system are banal things: pressure, nutrition, sleep.
By the way, we also don’t want a very strong immune system, because it can cause autoimmune disease.”
Soon the MRNA vaccines will appear in other contexts, thanks to the breed that has been accumulated in recent times.
"There is no doubt that Yassel opened to other predictions from this kind.
Investments of this technology are very much use of vaccines, for example in the treatment of monocological diseases.
Their effectiveness is that the material remains very little time in the body – enters, do his action, and then disrupts.
This technology is not new, but it has received a serious Boss due to the very large need for a rapid vaccine.
Now, for example, we know that the profit of three weeks between a man and a man is too small, and some of the vaccine specialists argue that there is no third-generation vaccine in the near range, so it is unclear whether we are going to a state of vaccine every half a year or the third year will give a greater profit."
Thousands of people were injured: a serious private robbery on Route 6
Route 6?
Your private information, including full name, inscriptions, full summary of the travels, is revealed.
According to a private defence agency, a country violated the law of privacy and its regulations.
As a result of a report by the Israel Highway 6 operating in Israel on a security incident in the company, the private defence of the enforcement process began.
As part of the event, security weaknesses were found on its payments website, which allowed exposure of information from the accounts of the social clients, which were exposed to the eyes of all.
Among other things, customer accounts have been exposed to a short period of personal information, including a private and family name, summary of payment, the location of the vehicle, travel dates, and hours.
In addition to this, as a land company does not document the access to systems, it is not possible to know precisely for what period they were unable to access the company's systems.
In the opera letter, which passed the privacy defence of the company, the agency emphasized that most of the major companies and organizations in the economy are required to take dynamic information security policy, and that with the development of threats and risks, the organization has been compelled to test strictly the current risks and act in accordance with the revision of the appropriate security measures in the circumstances, depending on the nature of the reservoir and reservoir.
As a result, companies and organizations have been able to update their systems and risk surveys, to test the changing risks and estimates.
It is also a duty on companies and organizations to use the automatic documentation mechanism and to extend the requirements for employees, depending on the instructions of private defence regulations.
In accordance with the regulations, the company violated the provisions of the Privacy Protection Act and its regulations, and required the company to conduct several regulations.
Route 6 has been reported: "The subject is treated according to the most restricted demands."
The journey to Istanbul: A journey to the Israelis from Turkish airlines.
The Turkish Airlines and Pegasus companies will allow the Israelis to replace a destination or a scheduled flight.
In a voyage to the Israelis who invited tickets to Turkey before the tour: the airlines will be allowed to replace the flight clubs.
Reminiscence: Earlier in the week of the war on the Terror increased to the rank four of the voyage to Istanbul.
This is the highest level and meaning "a high threat: it is not to reach this country and in the case of a stay has to leave the country soon."
Turkish Airlines and Pegasus stated that they would allow the Israelis to fly before the voyage, i.e. before the date of 13.6.22, replace the destination or date of the flight.
This is a list of flights to the airline.
The Minister of Tourism Razovov said: "Citizens of Israel should not pay a financial price because of a terrorist threat.
I am happy that big airlines like Turkish Irlins and Pegasus were moving to our request and hope that other companies would answer a similar response to all citizens of Israel who canceled the holiday in Turkey because of the warning of the humorous journey."
Are you going to fly in the summer?
Netflix offered free reconnaissance tours in Europe following a love series.
The royal coinage from the paper house, the Buckingham Palace, or the San Martin Canal, from Emili in Paris.
Internal reconnaissance reconnaissance of the most popular arrangements of the stereoming service.
Look for a non-interrupt vacation for the near summer?
Well, what do you think to go out for imaginative tours following Netflix's favorite arrangements?
Yes, the company decided to go out of the garage to the street, and offer you free tours in London, Paris, and Madrid following the favourite arrangements.
In Paris you will be able to tour following the heroes of the series Emily in Paris, or following the heroes of the series Luftfen; in London, a handful of heroes and heroes of the "King" and "Bridgerton"; and in Madrid will be followed by the heroes of The House of Henri and Elita.
The proposed tours were extended from 11 to 17 July in London, Paris and Madrid, and were transferred by local guides in collaboration with SANDEMANs in the English language.
So if you are on the matter and you have a “Krasch” on one of these arrangements – and many have – you will now go on these historic and special European cities, and do not have to be lost or found alone in different sites.
All that must be reached in these dates, with basic knowledge in English, and with the guides.
For further details of the tours, as well as the arrangements of the company that want today can be entered into the following lynch: "Neuropetours.eu/"neweuropetours.eu/"
Saudi Arabia is approaching: Israeli companies are preparing for reinforcement to the east.
The summary of the flight is extended over Saudi Arabia: the airline is scheduled to launch new flights to the far east of the far east of Europe at the expense of destinations in Europe.
The big airport in Israel plans significant changes to the arrival of U.S. President Joe Biden to Israel.
As we have published in Israel today, the estimation is that Yiddin will declare a permit to allocate and all Israeli airlines to fly over Saudi Arabia, except for the Emirate.
The meaning of the voluntary agreement is to ask for a shorter route to the Far East and Australia.
For this reason, the company will have to cancel less profitable flights, in order to evacuate aircraft for new destinations.
The flights to which the flights were cancelled from November to November are Warsaw, Toronto, and Brussels.
It is one of three destinations in which there is no small Jewish population, but at this point they are less profitable to society.
However, the new destinations in Alabama are Tokyo, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, and elsewhere in the Far East.
The duration of the duration of the duration of the duration of the duration of the duration of the country will be liberated for long flights to the east.
The Boeing 737s flew to Warsaw and Brussels for flights to destinations such as London and Paris, where they operate on flights through the Drimliner.
As a result, the company would be able to release large airplanes to other destinations in the east.
At the same time, Ball expects a flight that will take place in the nearest weeks on the possibility that Israeli airlines will be able to return to Turkey, where the company will be able to operate flights through the Boeing 737.
Do a series in Belagan: How do you pay for a cash in any airline?
Get the detailed guide for the cost of honour in the various airlines
Who offers 6 yuros for a length of up to 10 kg, and where does the price never include a suit?
The prices have changed, the terms of respect are no longer the same and many Israelis are surprised when they arrive at the airport and discover that they need to add high sums for the luggage they thought were worth at the price.
How will you know what the respect of the airline’s company?
For this, we are here.
The Lufthanza Group (Swis, Austrian and Luftanza) – The lyite ticket includes only a handful, if you wanted to add a confederation, you’ll have to do it seven days ahead of the site of a 70-hour bid, on the phone it will cost you 80 dollars and the airport is $100.
In a higher class, there is an honor that has a ticket price of up to 23 kilograms, and in acoustic primium there can also be two suits.
The American Airlines offer travel to New York City and a length of 23 kilograms and troley skeletons.
If you want to add a large pound of 23 kilograms will pay $100 in the direction.
The United Airlines offer a weight of up to 23 kilograms in a tourist department, a primium of two suits in the same weight and two kilograms of 32 kilograms.
It is also possible to add a trolley.
At the base price of the ticket, a hand is a hand of 55*20*40 and a weight of up to 7 kg.
The weight of up to 20 kg would cost $40 to advance.
At the airport, the price will be about 90 dollars to travel to the direction.
In Turkey, Irlis proposes 8 kilograms to Turkey and continue with Andolojt to a further destination.
Those who continue with Turkish Airlines to destinations outside Turkey are eligible for a large reserve of up to 23 kilograms.
If you want to add her honor, it is recommended to do so on the Internet and head.
A virgine Atlantis can be reached with a trolley or a manual of up to 56*36*23.
If you purchase a White card, a large cash addition will cost $75 in the field.
If you purchase a regular ticket, it will also include a confusion of up to 23 kg.
Ilyad Airways allows the aircraft with a hand-to-hand or transmission of up to 7 kilograms and a further length of up to 23 kg.
The price of the price does not include an honor.
If you wanted to order a weight of up to 40 kg (40 kg) weight, you will pay $40 to advance, when in the airport it will cost you 80 dollars.
The weight of up to 8 kg will cost $9.
The Lucost Wise Air Company allows passengers who purchase a basic ticket to fly with a back bag.
If you want to add a further respect, the price varies depending on the type of ticket purchased and destination, and the prices can reach several hundred considers for a cash (150–290 ward), depending on the cash weight chosen.
In Iziget, Iziget provides a small portfolio of 45*36*20 and a condition that can enter the seat.
Moreover, in the base card you will have to pay for an extra of her honor.
Anyone who is invited to a seat with more than a place for a specimen can be brought with him with a large amendment in measurements of 56*4×25
The price of a preferred seat also varies between flights.
Rainier's dignity policy is the most complex, and the beginning of a basic personal decree that can enter under a free seat.
If you want to add, you can start from 6 Euros towards the condition that all your honour will not reach more than 10 kilograms, and from the price of mazenecks and can also reach a maximum of 100 kg to move towards, depending on the type of honour you choose and rents you have acquired.
God’s wrath will be eligible for a hand of up to 8 kg.
If you purchase a classical ticket, you will also be eligible for a large cash that will be sent to the aircraft's stomach.
A further confusion can cost between 90–150 dollars in a direction if you do it at the airport, at the time of a cheaper price.
It is an integral part of the suspension and replacement of non-red lands, foreign tourists are reinstated.
The rest of the country received messages from the Ministry of Health that they were infected with a negative response to the corona law.
Only then issued an official announcement that it was only infected from saint countries, although recurring from red states reported the acceptance of the message.
In addition, tourists are expected to enter the country as well as the removal of many red destinations from the list.
In a magpa – the end to indistinguishable extremists?
The Ministry of Health sent a message to the Land of Israel, and they are emphasized with a negative answer to the Corona test conducted after landing in Israel.
It is also spoken in many countries.
Some of the messages sent informed the aliens that they could be released after receiving a negative answer or after 24 hours per late, and some received the dismissal after receiving the negative answer.
It was not until then an official message from the Ministry of Health, and it was written that from the night in midnight, 4.1.2022, sick, or sickness, the seas from countries will be conducted with a PCR test for 24 hours or a negative outcome (see below).
The decision was made by the Director of the Ministry of Health and was brought to the Committee on Health of the Knesset.
In the Israeli Ministry of Investigation clarified that they had already returned from the country as a sign and received a negative result from the PCR in the Israeli entry into Israel, would end the battalion at midnight, and they are not obliged to perform a second test.
However, passengers from the Red states reported that they were also given the message.
Those who have not been stored or recovered from the state will be reinstated for 14 days, with the possibility of a robbery with a negative result in a pcr dysfunction, starting from the 7th day of landing in Israel (now landing is the first day).
The decision to remove most of the restrictions on the taxes and primarily on the horses arrives the day before the meeting of the Principality Officers, headquarters for open skyscrapers and the Hotels Association.
In a discussion that will be expected to be required to remove all other Red states from the list, whereas those who reacted in his opinion is Professor Emer Groto.
Also foreigners can enter.
The Prime Minister and Ministers of Foreign Affairs, the Interior, the tourism, and the transportation concluded that starting from Sunday 9.1.2022, the institute allowed foreign foreign foreigners to enter the federation/special (since the Ministry of Health) from credential countries – this is subject to a PCR or antigen test before reaching the airport, performing a PCR test in the entry for 24 hours or a negative answer in a bid.
Non-profit foreigners (for the definition of the Ministry of Health) will not be allowed to enter Israel.
Others from the Red states, except for those who had been approved by the Irgun Commission, were not allowed to enter Israel.
The teams are not reunited at this stage.
And what with the red states?
The United States Department of Health recommends the Government to remove the list of Red States from the Red Sea, and pass the list of censorships: South Africa, Hungary, Nigeria, Spain, Portugal, France, Canada.
The countries remain at this stage in the Red states list: the United States, Ethiopia, the United Kingdom, Tanzania, Mexico, Switzerland, and its successor.
Another possibility in the Ministry of Health is to integrate the vaccines that are excessive from red states.
It is currently unclear whether there is a connection between the messages made to Israel and the expertise that might be accepted at the Ministry of Health on this issue.
The Ministry of Health has not yet received a response.
Heaven begins to open: The Ministry of Health changes the restrictions on Earth's gates.
Indigenous peoples from countries will respond in a 24-hour confusion.
The United States, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the Emirates will be red.
After a few weeks in which it was very difficult to find a destination without restrictions, and after all the aliens from the Irgun, Israel's entry of tourists – yesterday, it was decided to change the procedures and significantly reduce the restrictions on the route.
The Ministry of Health decided to retire the Battalion for three days in the Israelis who are foreigners from the countries as a cooperative.
To date, any pulse or disease according to the definitions of the Ministry of Health reverted to a nation for three days, subject to two corona tests.
Nowadays, the confusion that will have to enter into the terminals and diseases that are excessive to 24 hours per day, or until the results of the corona tests are performed after landing in the nave.
A person who is not defined as a senator or illness will be obliged to enter a seven-day naval maritime is subject to two corona tests, or 14 days without testing, even if he returns from a country as a nation or if he returns from a red state.
A defection or disease that has returned from a red state must also be in full confinement.
The list of the most recent red states recommended by the Ministry of Health, and still needs to pass the approval of the government, including the United States, Turkey, Tanzania, Ethiopia, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the United States.
In all countries, except Turkey, the positive average of entering the country in the last two weeks is more than 5% of the total revenues, which automatically put them on the list of Red states.
The rate of increase in the hospital in Turkey is rapid, the positive residue rate is a little more than 4%, so it is also decided to put it on the list of the Red states.
The most notable states were the Red states: France, Spain, Portugal, and Canada.
By 9 January, tourists who are willing to enter the Israeli Ministry of Health will be able to enter Israel without a need to be confiscated, and similar to the conditions of Israelis who are foreigners from the country as a nation.
Even in this case, the decision was appointed to the government, which was discussed in the next few days.
It is important to note the details of the cases where the government does not confirm the recommendations of the Ministry of Health in this area.
Restrictions against restrictions.
The Travel Offices Association, the headquarters for open skyscrapers and the hotels' association filed a permit to cancel the restrictions on taxes.
The state removed most of the restrictions yesterday, but left eight major states on the Red states list.
According to a report on the morning in Jerusalem, the permits are expected to require the state to cancel the Red states list.
He is a former vice-president, who is expected to be present in a discussion.
The Minister of Tourism Joel Razovov, who supported the last few weeks in a climate of preparing foreign tourists to Israel, said yesterday: "In the abolishment of the excavations abroad and the return of tourists to the mosques are the right and decisive thing in this period.
I thank my friends to the government, who understood the market of the tourism industry and agreed to me that the damage exceeds the benefit.
The vaccine is the best response to the revolt, and as such, it is able to reach the poor public to manage a living routine that allows the reader to be able to coordinate."
In an investment of 200 million NIS: The new rhetoric will develop near the revolt.
The desert opens: Another luxury hotel is expected to open while three years •
Restaurants, private pools and 110 rooms are just a small part of what will offer the hotel •
All the details in the writing.
The 7MINDS company from the Fatal House and the Lebanese city of Lebanese, purchased a plaza of about 20 dunams in the Judea Desert, in which Risort was deposited in an investment of about 200 million square kilometres ($200 million) of the hotel would be built on the same site in which a hotel was built.
The rhetoric will open only in three years and have 110 rooms, some of which will be privately owned.
The hotel will also have three branch offices, a Spa, restaurants, a recreational complex, a gym, a gym, and more.
Whoever is responsible for the colinear side of the hotel is the chef Ran Shmuel from the Claro restaurant.
Shmuel chef would have built the menu that was expected to be a unique desert conservation conservat.
The Mayor of Ardad, a peaceful negotiator, envisioned the project: "The decision to establish a new and vacated hotel next to the reign gives the official sign to a decree that has been hostile in the field of tourism in recent years.
I am proud of the choice of entrepreneurs and persuades that it will be a joint success because and a huge tourism potential."
Don’t present: flights to all Europe starting from $78.
Heaven opens and airlines are coming out in operations that have not seen long •
Barcelona, Madrid, Prague, Budapest, Berlin, Amsterdam, and other destinations in less than 100 flights.
.
The largest airline in Israel is reported to rise in demand for the IAAF since the announcement yesterday about the significant amounts of tariffs.
The company decided to publish a special operation in the opening of the sky, and the prices it suggests are considered particularly attractive.
As part of the new operation, the company offers flights to Berlin, Budapest, Barcelona, Madrid, Athens, Amsterdam, Lisbon, and other destinations starting from US$60 to Loch and return.
As a result of the stabilization of the taxes, Bale returns the flights to a series of destinations, including Canada, Italy, Germany, Hungary, Belgium, and other countries.
It is important to remember that it is a limited number of tickets (about 4,000) and the price does not include honor and seat choice.
The operation was attacked by invitations to the present day and tomorrow, and from January 31, 2022 to January 31, 2022.
From the beginning of the story, France, Spain, Portugal, and other countries are listed in the Red States.
The United States, the Emirates, Turkey, and five other countries are still on the Red States list, and there is no ban on the plane without permission of an exceptional committee.
