The European Union summit is a dispute over refugee policy, with EU officials: receiving a process of steering bottleneck-new nets
The EU summit is quarreling for refugee policy, with EU officials having bottlenecks every step in the process
According to the latest European Union summit on February 10, the EU’s leaders agreed to impose a more stringent policy on illegal migration, which is more likely to expel illegal immigrants.
The European Union is reportedly a response to the growing problem of illegal migration in Europe, and the core problem of the EU is that the number of unlawful immigrants eventually repatriated.
According to the summit documents, the EU’s leaders called for the Commission to “impress mobilize massive EU funds” to strengthen external borders by means of infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU has quarreled with issues such as fence payments.
Von der Leon repeatedly said that EU funds would not pay related costs.
But some member states’ diplomats say that if the EU can share parts of the external boundary installing cameras, watching towers and other infrastructure, it will give countries the national budget to accelerate the construction process.
European Union officials have admitted that every step in the process of receiving refugees has bottlenecks, limited capacity to receive, and heavy migrants from member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting “numerable” asylum applications across the EU, and that the EU’s refugee reception system is nearly “permanent crisis.”
According to the European Commission, the EU’s Schengen countries received more than 92,000 asylum applications last year, up nearly half the year before.
At the same time, the EU recorded a total of 330,000 illegal entrys last year.
Against that background, the summit has reached an agreement on a “prime” that the EU countries can repatriate illegal immigrants to countries in accordance with the courts of another member state.
In addition, the EU’s leaders have also agreed to “augment the use of security countries” that will open a way for the EU to set a common list.
(Project: Global Times: Bull Ray Fly)
America’s upgraded “chip war” has reinvented the global semiconductor industry - a new network.
Recently, the US has upgraded China’s “chip war” – the Netherlands, Japan and the US, with pressures to launch controls on exports of Chinese semiconductor manufacturing equipment; and afterwards, the US government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei to provide any products; the Biden administration is also prepared to publish an executive order that limits US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries.
In recent years, the US has never stopped its efforts to crack down on China’s “core” development, squeezing its supply chains to China’s semiconductor industry, while building a semiconductor industry chain that is “degrading China” with a view to “dumping” China in advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it brings together South Korea to create a “tech alliance” or to establish a chip “quarter alliance” with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or by establishing a semiconductor industrial chain, such as the “Indo-Pacific Economic Framework” mechanism, the US attempts to build a semiconductor industry by introducing semiconductor industries, such as politicization, armaging, weaponization, means to initiate a semiconductor industries that leads a US-dominated production chain, to compensate its short supply chains in the manufacturing field of chip.
However, the tactic of a drum in the United States has been a "thousand-thousand self-destructive tactic" against China.
More recently, Pan-Ling Group, a prominent US chip manufacturer, has announced that it will fire 1,300 full-time workers from the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, and plans to fire 1,400 temporary workers in the next two quarters.
Global Light-engineering giant Asmay has recently warned that exports to China to semiconductor manufacturing devices could lead to higher prices in semiconductors.
American media analyses have been harmful to many US companies, including electronic design automation tools developers, chip designers, crystalline manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The US is so-called to squeeze China's advanced semiconductor industry, but drags water down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chains.
Semiconductor industry is a high-technology and knowledge-intensive industry that has long formed a tight global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professionals estimate, the entire production process of semiconductor products requires more than 70 times across the border, reaching 100 days.
Despite the strong foundations of the US semiconductor industry, the weaker manufacturing capacity, especially advanced technology, is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the US strives to steer advanced chip production chains to regional developments that dominate the US, regional distribution and interdependent situations in the global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The US has intensified its semiconductor industry chain of “remodeling” to china, a global semiconductor industry.
The chip is the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is not a global participation.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral action to ensure the global leadership of the United States in the field of chips and science, using technology hegemony to consolidate its own technological superiority; tempting allies to “uncombine,” tempty companies such as Innovation and Competition Act 2022.
In the short term, the US does create trouble for China’s chip industry and related industries to develop realistic benefits.
But for a long time, the US hysteria suppresses a breakthrough in China’s chip industry, losing its huge Chinese market, and ultimately weakening the innovative will and innovative capabilities of US technology companies, and undermining the development of global chip industry.
Gao Joe
The first batch of personal pension property is selling at least 360 days - a new network.
The first batch of personal pension property is sold
The 7 products of the household are optional at least 360 days
Individual pension property has finally been on line.
On February 10, the China Finance Network issued a list of first-rate pensions and property products, with seven individual pensionable assets sold in trade and silver, agricultural and commercial finance, and mid-mail finance.
As a result, the "stores" of the individual pension account finally set up four categories of pension savings, personal pension insurance, personal pension pension insurance, and personal pension fund fundraising funds.
The first batch of individual pensionable property is a net-value open-ended product, with five new products, two renewable products, except one products being mixed products, and the remaining six products are fixed-income products.
The Beijing Youth reporter sees that four of the five new products come from business and money, all fixed income products, the shortest holders are 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively, 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 4.90%, 5.25%, 5.75%, and 5.75%.
The rest of a new product is "1095 days shortest in mail and silver wealth", and is a fixed income product that began on February 10, commenced on February 10, and ended on February 19.
In two sequencing products, one is a 360-day technological innovation of renminbi, a mixed type, risk grade three.
Another renewable product is "General Silver Wealth Age of 365 days, a fixed income type commenced on December 30, 2008, officially operating on January 4, 2008, with a total of 1.0011 on February 8, 2014.
In accordance with the State Council's Opinions Concerning the Promotion of Personal Pension Development, financial products that can invest in individual pension funds accounts include bank finance, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public fundraising.
The first batch of personal pension property is selling, marking that individual pension investors can purchase the property by officially using the personal pension fund account.
In November last year, the SBC formulated the Interim Measures on the Management of Private Pension Business for Commercial Banks and Finance Corporations.
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension products such as pension funds by personal pension funds accounts, personal pension property, personal pension insurance products, personal pension insurance products, and private pension fund fund products.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notification of the pension system in Beijing, Tianjin, as well as the Hebei Shijiazhuang, Zhong'an New Zone, Shanxi and other 36 pioneering cities and regions.
By the end of 2022, the number of private pensions participated in 1954,000, with a total of $14.2 billion.
Previously, banks involved in the pilots have only three types of personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension fund.
Now, how should investors choose after a personal pension property has been gathered?
In comparison with other personal pension products, pension products and personal pension property products have three characteristics compared to those of other individuals.
The first is steady and risk management mechanism is more robust, investment strategies and ideas are more robust, and non-maternal third-party independent custody is implemented.
Secondly, the term for agency maintenance property is five years and more, the next step is to issue the personal pension property, the shortest holding period shall be 1 year in principle, encouraging holdings of more than 3 years or more.
The third is PWI, the low threshold for purchase of products, the starting point is 1 yuan, with a low to 0.01 yuan, the fee of the product's custody and management fees more favourable.
Professionals point out that investors are choosing according to the characteristics of products and their own risk tolerance.
Individual pension savings have a longer term, higher interest rates, and high security characteristics, suitable for risk-bearing groups; personal pension insurance products are more suitable for investment risks, and comparable to those who are unable to assume steady gains, while personal pension property and public-equity funds products are unsure of profits, and have a high risk of investment, but they are expected to be highly suitable to those with a certain level of financial knowledge and risk.
Wen/This report reporter Jiejie Kuihai wave
The fitness industry should shake off the crisis of trust - a new net
Another big gym "thunderstorm"?
Recently, the issue of fitness membership in a well-known gymnasium has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, a number of members found that they were not operating properly in the store, and then rumours about the collapse of the agency caused a panic to members, leading to involvement in the public security and social sectors.
Finally, the relevant head of the organization responds to promising efforts to guarantee the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members.
Some of the individual fitness agencies have a business problem temporarily shut down, and consumers are supposed to be able to calm and wait to solve problems, so why are the first responses to many members?
The gymnasium membership is a deep problem in the industry's confidence crisis.
Traditional domestic fitness houses are generally taking prepaid modes, and "to earn money" is the bottom layer logic of their development.
Through pre-sale membership cards to get cash flow, constantly opening new stores, seems to be able to recycle, real eating sockets of food, and unable to form a steady profit pattern.
Frequency of negative information in the gym runway and other industries has caused a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the market outlook, a gym is certainly a good business with a “financial future.”
Although the gymnasium has been volatile, it has always been focused on capital.
Multiple data show that heat in areas such as cultural consumption is rising and market continues to warm.
Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of the living standards, the concept of healthy life is deeply balanced, and the development of the fitness industry is a great way to develop.
The better the situation is, the more the industry needs to attach importance to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions have been blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery, and have just emerged from the crisis, and have erupted the horns of the pioneering horns of the pioneering territory, putting financial funds into the new store building.
There is no denying that the pandemic has been affected by a number of agencies, a relaunch in the industry, a firm firm that has selectively intensified its acquisition strength, relay, and not a new opportunity.
But fitness market development wants to enter a virtuous circle, a steady and far-reaching avenue, the industry must change traditional patterns and change its business strategy.
Only steady and stable, reinstating consumers' confidence and security can truly win the market and win the future.
Compared with the establishment of new stores to occupy the market, the fitness industry now needs to be sunk to optimize service, with high-quality development to stabilize users.
First, you need to stay with the user by service.
The gym belongs to the service industry, its essence is to insist on "user-oriented" , tightening the user's needs and putting the focus on the upgrade of service quality.
Second, a digital transformation should improve user experience.
For instance, a popular Internet gymnasium mode is realized by sub-payment and location.
Meanwhile, physical data and sport data can be used effectively, and social needs can be met to realize complete service closed loops from the line to the line.
Without private sales, there is no big annual card, the user's fear of a fitness organization's run, and the sense of confidence has risen.
In addition, it is also actively exploring pluralism.
Today, sports consumption has gone from a single service to a scene, and fitness clubs are expected to become a consumer new entrance, surrounding sport supplies and fitness equipment, or will become a new profit point for consumers.
Jiang Tian Jiang
Buy the price of a valuable retreat!
Nanjing Tower Recovery of "Professional Index" - China New Network
In an interview with journalist Yong Shin-yang (Massu) Yan-hoo, a Newspaper, a reporter on the 10th Anniversary Newspaper/Purple Bull, found that over the next decade the "Price Agreement" returns to Nanjing Tower, a trailer in the northern part of Jiangbei New Area, where a discount is greater than the previous discount, and the developer is willing to replace the buyer's house and return the price.
Conditions for the Conditions of the Conditions
The new building in Jiangbei was named Paul Yang Zhongyang, looking at the housekeeper Sun, who told reporters that he found a "statement" during the weekend strolling down the dish.
He issued a copy of the reporter showing that the developers promised to purchase the property from 1 February to 28 February, when the two sides signed a contract for sale and delivered to the property source, and if the other property sources were discounted from the date of signing a contract, the discount was greater than that of the other property (financial discounts a discount that had previously been acquired by the same household type, the same building, the same unit, and other unselled goods types of the same property).
Mr. Sun said the industry consultants said it was actually a "pricing deal" that aims to keep the buyers out of business, not to worry about a development company's promotion, "it is now afraid of buying a price cut and selling the building without time.
There are also a number of buyers who believe that the "pricing agreement" is eating "pills" for home buyers but not low.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a new house in Jiangbei, said the source of houses is first to be a household, and must be in the same building, with a single unit, a buyer can have a sluggish supply of houses than prices, so the threshold is savage.
There are also home buyers who believe that additional concessions are not excluded when information is not selling, and buyers' “vitation rights are less difficult.”
Whether you can stay in the buyer is observable
The reporter enquiries on Nanjing's property on the net of Nanjing told that the trailer had a total of 252 sets of locomotives in the first two buildings in November, with 105 square metres, 114 square metres, 129 sq m², and a total renovation of $39843 yuan per capita.
Over the past two months, however, online property shows that the total number of unsold sets is 157, accounting for 62.3% of the total unsold completion of the building, with a total of 128 sets, 113 unsales, and 44 of the 124 sets on the 7th floor, with a total number of 13%.
Marketers say that the “pricing agreement” has appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August, the company moved back to the old business owners in order to attract a home-owner eyeball, launched the "Pricing Project" specifically, a company's solemn commitment to expand the project's preferences in a year.
In April 2011, Nanjing had 9 locomotives pledged to pay a "difficial price" .
"There is a warmer market, and then a needle of a strong heart.
Mr Shen, a senior businessman in Nanjing's real estate industry, said the “pricing agreement” is one of the marketing modes of the house companies.
He argues that development firms now need more confidence than buying a home, and the introduction of a “pricing agreement” is actually foiling them.
As for the possibility of keeping a buyer, he said that this depends on the impact of regulatory policies, lending thresholds, and so on, remains to be seen.
Multi-data recession Taiwan's economy has a poor performance in its opening year - China New Network
Xinhua news agency Zhao Bo, Huangyan, a five-black export trade volume, a seven-month tightening of the manufacturing procurement manager, the consumer price index (CPI) also saw “3-fiction” . . . . . . . in the near future, the Taiwan authorities issued a renewal of economic data in January 2023.
Experts analysts say Taiwan's economy has a poor performance in the beginning of the year, with little pressure on growth.
According to the Taiwan authorities' fiscal affairs department, Taiwan's exports of 315.1 billion US dollars in January, 21.2 per cent a year and a negative growth of the fifth month in a row.
The 11 major exports have a recession over the same period last year.
Plastic rubber and its products and optical apparatus fell by 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
The exports of electronic components have been reduced by 20.1 per cent annually, with the largest reduction in 11 years.
The integrated circuit cuts 18.3 per cent a year and has reached its biggest decline in 14 years.
The department's statistics director, Cai Meina, said it showed a proliferation of weak demand for consumer electronics industry and the electronic industry entered the amendment period.
According to statistics, imports and exports in Taiwan in January have doubled, with a total of $23.4 billion, reaching the lowest level in recent years.
Taiwan's first-quarter recession is higher than expected this year, according to a decline in global terminal demand, industrial restructuring inventories inhibitors’ desire to buy and purchase.
According to the Taiwan Institute for Economic Research, 40.4 per cent of Taiwan's manufacturing procurement managers adjusted in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December to 7 months in a row.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI is 50% gloriously dried line, with an index exceeding 50%, representing a gas expansion and austerity.
In a new order, production and manpower austerity in January, the supplier's delivery time has declined and the stock is tightening.
In the six largest industry, the PMI austerity is the power and machinery industry (35.1%), electronic and optical industries (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology industries (39.2%), basic material industries (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industries (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Taiwan authorities have announced a 3.04% increase in Taiwan's CPI in January this year, and a further 3 per cent cut since July.
Among them, vegetable prices rose by 28.25 per cent, a 17-month high.
Cao Chi-hong, a specialized member of the Taiwan Counter-General, said that the price of vegetables does rise beyond expectations, excluding Spring Festival factors, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December, and inflationary pressures remain high.
Experts expressed pessimism in Taiwan's economy this year.International media coverage of the joint newspaper, Yahoo Finance, etc.
As a professor of economics at Taipei Central University, a recession could cause problems in the cash flow of export manufacturers, which rose risk of debt default.
Meanwhile, a reduction in orders has led to a reduction in human costs, affecting labor markets and the household economy, and in turn shocking consumption capacity.
The Taiwan Institute of Economics says there is a sustained shrinkage in inflation in Europe and the United States this year, anticipating a continuation of Taiwan's export recession until the first half of the year.
Because Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, exports are influencing, and economic growth will be less than last year.
"Global Recovery Important Engine" - A New Network
鈥淐hina's economy has shown strong resilience in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The recent market expectations have shown that the international community has a vision of China's future development.
In an interview with the Spanish eminent Chinese issue specialist, China Policy Observation Network, a prominent Chinese expert, said the current Chinese pandemic prevention entered a new phase, and economic and social development dynamism will be further released.
Rios said China responded with remarkable economic governance experience and measures to fully reflect its economic resilience and management levels.
While China is firmly unswerving to expand its opening to the outside world, economic development has been constantly strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have coordinated development.
Each year, China's national two-second sessions are convened by members of the People's Republic of China to develop a large number of issues of common-second people's livelihood, extensively condense consensus, condensate the heart and condensate wisdom, and enhance the strength of the development of China.
“Since the reform and opening-up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development, and has entered the high-quality development stage.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and Chinese solutions and is looking forward to bringing new opportunities to the world.
Lios said China is currently committed to promoting technological innovation and injecting new impetus to economic and social development, “funding input, talent training, policy incentives, which will continue to energeticize China in the new five-year plan.”
In Rios, economic restructuring is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has played both the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system and takes active measures to stabilize the economy.
With the expansion of domestic demand, greater financial support to the real economy, support the development of the private sector, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, stick to innovation, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people and meet the diversification requirements of the Chinese population.
This year is a 10th anniversary initiative to build a “bound road.”
"The steady recovery of the post-pandemic economy is a common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential is constantly releasing, will bring more benefits to the rest of the world and become an important engine of global recovery.
Rios said it is expected to continue to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure and strengthening interconnection in all areas, and to continue to release more dynamic energy.
(This newspaper Madrid Electric)
(The People's Daily reporter cheerfully )
Report: Renovation and Renovation of Responsibility Students in 2022 - A new high school net
"2022 China Sea Return Employment Survey"
The 2022 China Sea Return Employment Survey, issued on February 11, 2008, showed a 8.6 per cent increase in the number of students residing in 2022, and a higher number of reentry posts in 2022, and the demand for overseas talents has been raised.
Since 2020, there has been a marked increase in the number of maritime claims in China and the number of repatriated students seeking employment has increased.
Compared to 2021, the number of students returned to China rose by 8.6 per cent in 2022, and the number of reentry students was renovated.
The UK has a top 41.4 per cent, followed by Australia (20.3 per cent) and the United States (9 per cent) in 2021.
The number of students from Malaysia, Japan, Singapore increased by 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% in 2022.
Students from Canada, Germany, the United States, Australia and Australia have declined in the same proportion.
"2022 China Sea Return Employment Survey Report
According to the study, 85 percent of the students who have decided to return to China believe that domestic life is more convenient, 40% have decided to return to China, with 32 percent deemed more job opportunities for domestic employment, and 22 percent thought domestic economic activity would accelerate recovery and more job opportunities.
The data shows that domestic enterprises have a rapid release of demand for overseas talents and have a tendency to increase demand for sea-return talents.
During the first week of the spring of 2023, the number of maritime priorities rose by 11 per cent on February 3, compared to 28 January, and the number of maritime claims increased by 27 per cent.
In the industry, the number of posts from education/training industries was 27.8 percent, with professional services/consultancy, Internet/commerce industries ranking 14.3 per cent and 11.1 per cent respectively.
The variation of the number of maritime claims in China in recent years: Report of the China Sea Return Employment Survey
The average recruitment remuneration pay for a maritime priority was three years consecutive, with an increase of $961 yuan from 13719/months in 2021.
As a result, in 2022, there was a rise in the willingness to travel to a new line of cities, second-line cities, and three-line cities, with a total of 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3% respectively in 2022.
For the harvest of study, 52.7% of sea regressions generally meet expectations, up 2.8 percentage points over the previous year.
28.2% of sea claims are higher or far higher than expected, compared with 25.4% in 2021.
(completion)
Half or more?
Regulated integration of cavity planting in Henan Province - New Net
CCTV net news: It is an ideal choice for a lot of dentists, but it has been a long time that the price of 10,000 yuan has kept waiting for many patients.
Since the year this year, as the acceleration of the cultivation of dental harvests has grown tooth reductions everywhere.
Since February 10, a single regular planting of dental services in Henan province has a total flow control target of 4,300 yuan, with a single regular planting cost of less than 97% of the target.
It is a means of supporting the defective fixation of the upper dental restoration body based on the lower part of the tissue implanted into the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from the first subsidiary hospital of Zhengzhou University that a single plant is a routine plant, from planting to final restoration, with a price of about $167,000.
Patient Joying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that the situation is about 80,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically saving half.
On the basis of existing projects, Henan province has integrated 15 oral cavity planting fees (single) and has unifiedly formulated 20 health-service price projects, such as the price and insurance category of public health institutions and medical institutions, which cancel or adjust dental implants.
Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau Medical and Bidding Officer Li Yun Jie: The main beneficiary is a four-party healthcare, a shortage of healthcare, medical care, a hospital, a small amount of hospital spending, a suitable increase in the number of patients; a market for suppliers; a fee for the largest part of our patients; a tooth is likely to be reduced by half or more.
Shenzhen: To create the first, world-leading pioneer city - the new network
On February 11, China New Telecommunications issued the Shenzhen Industrial and Informatization Bureau recently issued the "Project Action Plan for the Zhenzhen City Project".
By the end of 2023, a high-speed capacity, low-time superband network was built to achieve the goal of building a network of two-thousand-thousand-gauge, full-optical networks, one millisecond, and a multi-powered pioneer cities in the world.
The plan proposed to accelerate the upgrading of a trillion light net.
By the end of 2023, 10G PON ports reached 100%, and the total number of optical industrial parks exceeds 100.
The plan requires a comprehensive improvement of 5G network effectiveness.
The quality standard of 5G network service is developed in Shenzhen, and 5G network testing is carried out to improve the quality of 5G network services.
Supporting basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of key areas, site 5G networks throughout the year, the average download rate of up to 500 Mbps, up to 100 Mbps, a key area download rate of 1,000 Mbps, upgrades to 200 Mbps, network speeds, and user experiences greatly increased.
To create a high-quality wireless network.
To formulate the WLAN service specifications for public places, promoting the upgrading of WLAN in intensive and information-consuming demand in all districts in the city, and providing a MDG access capability.
In accordance with the "deep i network" construction of a unified certification regulatory platform for public wireless local networks, a certification, inspiration, smart switching, support operators to integrate AP (wireless access points) certification control platforms into a certified regulatory platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs was upgraded.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality comprehensive optical network, build multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance the capability of Internet application services.
The plan is clear and collaboratively constructs an object-linked perception system.
The exploration is based on the Open-source Hung-Mont operating system, combining urban perceived terminal construction management mode, reducing connectivity costs, accelerating the construction of a city-class material network platform, and promoting interconnection between networks and data networks in all fields.
Deep awareness of the use of urban management, civil service, public safety, transportation, and other areas, has expanded the channels for mobile sensors such as urban roads, construction, public facilities, and other mobile sensors such as the Smart Network.
By the end of 2023, the number of electrical material networks perceived a total of more than 900 million, creating 20 multifunctional smart rod application demonstration projects.
The Plan also refers to strengthening the application of satellite and ground communications integration, layout infrastructure construction, and promoting the depth coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, we will promote the depth coverage of 5G networks, build industry innovation and develop ecology, support to host top-level events and activities.
(New Finance)
China's electronics industry pours into a new variable, how does it take to "content"?
- Neo-New Network
On February 11, China Electric Industry surged a new variable, and how did it take to "content" ?
Chinese New Finance Journalist Xiabin
鈥淲e enter a local appliance is late, but from the beginning it is important to realize that we want to stand out of tens of millions of shops.
From Guangdong's "90th Birds" girl, now operates a trembling electronics stores, allowing a stores online with more than 30 years of history.
Improving the old port film, with a classic Cantonese singing, opening the @ Fang Fang a person to eat a trembling account, and a splendid video is a new one.
In recent days, a trembling electronic electronic appliance is "seeking peer . good content to share a special field" , as a quality creator represents a speech, introducing daily experiences and bodies.
She said on the scene, "Concently grinding videos have received a lot of netizens, so many people are interested in my family's food, and they want to do a snack with the food, and the sales route is open.
"
Avon makes more people in love with the "good flavor" video, a live broadcast of up to 300,000 pieces of food, saving the dying old store at home.
"No content, no electronics", with the development of short videos and direct broadcasting operators, the demand and standards for electronics are entering a new stage.
In the early stages of the development of a live-casting belt, the price advantage seems to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, neither Liu Yong-hon, Oriental Screening, V, has a variety of non-communists and businessmen known in vertical subdivisions, who have continuously fitted the quality of their brands to improve their long-term business benefits.
In the past year, 627,000 creators have changed their content by shaking electronics by 25 per cent, and the total volume has doubled.
"One of these numbers, we can sense a booming, prosperous life-powered author's ecological.
" said Gaoya.
The ECHI report has been issued by the Beijing Normal University Communication Innovation Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform in Beijing, which illustrates the importance of "new variables" in the current electronics industry, and applies the index to assess the ecological situation of the content of 27 mainstream electronics platforms.
According to the eco-health index of the electronics industry, jiking electronics, fast-handed, naughty treasure, multiplicity, and Beijing's top five.
The report argues that electronics industry's content is a comprehensive concept, but not all content can be integrated with electronics, good PGC (productive content) and UGC (as a user original content), the higher the level of content platform value, the more consumption and marketing scenarios, the more expensive the potential for electronics to electronics to engage in a higher level of commercial value, the more commercial value, the more productive electronics becomes more productive in the public domain and private sector.
On the scene, a professor at the Beijing Normal University School of Journalism, the head of the China Media Economic and Management Special Committee, metaphorically analyzed the report.
In terms of content value, the current electronics industry has shifted from “consumption availability and sex” to “consumer quality” phases, with quality, professional, and diversified content as a “hard goods” in the electric industry.
Meanwhile, the content becomes the fundamental and grabbing of the new phase of the electronics development, and the PGC content of knowledge pay, professional knowledge, KOL (key Leader).
Looking forward to the future development of the electronic commerce industry, it makes a two-way proposal.
One is to promote the ecological health and quality of electronics from the perspective of content structure, to create oriented content creation and management standards, and realize the ecological health index and dynamic equilibrium of the electronic industry.
Another is to realize the healthy development of the content electronics industry and the value of the external environment.
"The future electronics industry will also need more data and AI support to develop stability in the future; there is a more standard, healthy growth space for businessmen to achieve the synergy of value in the electronic industry, user, product and service in a healthy way.
" (Completion)
The NTC Financing Coupon Trading Business starts next week - a new network
The report, issued last night, with the approval of the China Securities and Exchange, will formally start on February 13, when securities companies that have already obtained the limits of funding stock exchanges in the North Exchange have been entrusted to investors entrusted by entrusting investors to finance securities trading.
The first stock list of 56 melts was confirmed on January 31, 2023.
The NTC says the list of stocks and a surgeon securities will be announced through the "information Disclosure-Financing Information" column of the North Turks Officer's website to facilitate enquiries for investors.
Financing coupon is an important basic system in the securities market and a more mature way of trading in the international securities market.
On September 2, last year, during an announcement of a week, the NATO publicly sought opinions on the financing lending business.
The start of the NTC financing coupon trading is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system, improve trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the second-grade market.
Financing coupon system is beneficial to enrich investor trading strategies, satisfy investor plurality trading requirements, and promote market price discovery and further enhance market mobility.
The next step will continue to do a variety of safeguards under the leadership of the China Securities and Exchange Commission, with investors demand as a tool for enriching trading systems, and improving the relevant fitting mechanisms and strives to create a first-rate exchange for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The sixteenth China-Japan China-Japan Joint Forum on Energy and Environmental Protection hosted the main forum in Beijing and delivered a keynote speech - China New Network
The Xinhua news agency, Beijing on February 11, is a combination of the sixteenth China-Japanese Environmental Protection Forum.
Members of the CPC Central Political Bureau, the National Development Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He pointed out that the holding of this forum is an important measure of implementation of the meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Bangkok Bangkok, and strengthening the green development cooperation of China-Japan.
China will fully implement the twenty-second spirit of the CPC, accelerate the development of the Green Transformation, promote environmental pollution prevention and control in depth, strengthen the environmental pollution prevention and control of environmental pollution, promote a steady and steady and steady progress in carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green growth, and promote ecological priority, saving and green carbon low-carbon development.
China is ready to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and humanities, and promote green development cooperation in the two countries.
Japan's economic and industry minister, Xi'an Village, attended the main forum and delivered a major speech.
The Forum is jointly organized by the China National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce and the Japan Economic and Industry, the China-Japan Economic and Industry Association, including the main forum and the enhanced efficiency, the smartening of automotive electrification, hydrogen energy, and four branches of China-Japan long-term trade.
Representatives from the Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises and institutions have been communicating.
The Chinese rescue team has rescued four trapped workers in Turkey - the new network
On February 10, the Chinese rescue team launched three operations, 45 rescue teams, and rescued one trapped personnel.
Two Search Assessment Groups have been sent to assess 15 buildings on the Vodabash Avenue.
As of now, four trapped personnel have been searched for signs of life and risk assessment of 25 severe buildings collapsed.
Rescue teams will, in accordance with the actual and rescue situation in the disaster areas, restructured scientific relief efforts and carried out rescue efforts in depth.
Rescue teams have access to aid information through various channels, such as embassies, local governments, United Nations relief organizations, and verified by various means such as online enquiries and field searches.
The Hong Kong Rescue Team will introduce the current relief environment and the collapse of buildings to jointly carry out search operations.
At present, the Italian Rescue Team is responsible for regional coordination (SSC5), while sending three members to the Regional Rescue Coordinating Centre 5 to communicate with multiple teams such as Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries to understand the work of the United Nations Rescue Organization and the rescue team.
Rescue teams continue to strengthen security management and team security in accordance with the principle of "unifying command, safety First" and strengthen controls on-site safety and controls, strengthening relief work discipline requirements and clear security concerns.
Continuously run wheel-value logistics and posting systems to strengthen security management in the camp area.
Rescue medical personnel provide physical and health care to the team members every day, strengthening health care for key personnel, and currently rescue teams are healthy and killing camp areas.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics security team has constructed command communications, equipment storage, medical washing, living accommodation, doghouses, and other four major 26 field tents to ensure rescue equipment in the field.
Xinhua news agency commentator: Promote China's modernization is a systematic project, four deep-season General Xi Jinping is learning to implement the important speeches of the twenty-first spiritual workshops in the Party.
Xinhua news agency Beijing February 11: Promote Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project, a key speech in the study of the twenty-first spirits of the Party
Xinhua news agency commentator
"To advance the Chinese modernization is a system project, it needs to be coordinated and comprehensively coordinated, system planning and overall promotion, and correctly handled a series of important relationships such as top-level design and practice exploration, strategy and strategy, keeping pace with innovation, efficiency and fairness, order, self-reliance and opening-up to the outside world.
In the new Central Committee, admission members, alternate committees and provincial cadres leading the central government at the provincial level, the twentieth spirits of Xi Jinping New Age of Chinese characteristics, and the Party's twenty-first psychology, Xi Jinping's general secretary science grips the laws of modernization and illustrates a series of important relationships that we need to handle in practice so as to vigorously promote the modernization of the Chinese style.
The advancement of Chinese-style modernization involves all areas of economic, political, cultural, social, ecological civilization, and other areas of control of the Party's ruling state, internal affairs and foreign defense, as well as system plotting, and brave to reform innovation, and steady progress.
At the top level design, a profound insight into the world's development potential, accurately grasp the common wishes of the masses, and explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the planning and policy system embodies the era, grasping regularity, rich in creativity, do a far-reaching combination, and coordinated content.
Promote Chinese-style modernization is a exploratory cause, and many unknown areas require bold exploration in practice, promoting the development of undertakings through reform innovation, and must never engage in swords and rabbits.
The strategic issue is a fundamental issue of political parties, a country.
Promote the Chinese-style modernization, enhance the forward-lookingness of the strategy, and lead the future in scientific strategy; enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focus on addressing the major problems of losing and tracting the cause of the Party and state cause; strengthen the stability of the strategy, and develop a long-term insistence, grasp and make good progress.
The dialectical unity of strategy and strategy is to combine the flexibility of strategic principles and strategies, flexibility mobility, random strain, critical juncture, and assume strategic initiative in terms of geometrical emissions, mobility, and compliance.
The Chinese nation is a defensive and innovative nation.
Handling the relationship between keeping a good position and innovation should not be able to adhere to the Chinese-style modernization, root and soul, to ensure the right direction of the Chinese modernization, to ensure the correct direction of the Chinese style and to ensure the right direction of the Chinese modernization, to ensure the right direction of China's modernization, and to ensure the right direction of the Chinese style of modernization, in line with the demands of development, to address the major theoretical and practical problems of development, to vigorously promote reform and innovation, and create new energy dynamics and dynamics dynamics to develop new energy.
Efficiency is an important basis of equity, and equity is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We will promote the modernization of the Chinese style, create greater efficiency than capitalism, and more effectively safeguard social fairness, and better achieve efficiency and equity compatibility, promotion and reunification.
Handling the relationship between efficiency and equity and constantly development in order to share the results of the people and development, so that the achievements of modernization are more equitable to all the people.
Promote the modernization of the Chinese style, need to deal with the dynamic and orderly relationship, so that society is full of vitality and order.
To coordinate development and security two major issues, implement overall national security concepts, improve national security systems, enhance national security capabilities, and firmly maintain security, system security, ideology security and key areas.
Since the development of more security factors is taken into account, through the development of national security forces, the use of development results to ramm the foundations of national security, and to create a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly vigorous development, and realize the good interactions of high quality development and high level security.
Promote Chinese-style modernization, we must adhere to our own way, expand the world's eyes, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the width and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must stick to independence and self-reliance, stick to the development of the state and nationalities on the basis of their own strength, stick to the fate of progress in our country.
We will continue to expand the high level of opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in global industrial division and cooperation, use both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese modernization, and share opportunities for development and create a better future in mutual benefit.
The way forward can be far away.
Let us, under the guidance of Xi Jinping’s new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, grasp laws, snubbing, fully play a positive, initiative, creative, and correctly handle a series of major ties, strive to develop a new process of socialist modernization in a comprehensive way.
(February 10) The Biden administration listed six Chinese entities with suspected involvement in the espionage balloon program on Friday.
The U.S. Department of Commerce said the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly aerospace projects, including airships and airplanes.
Companies listed on a black list are hard to get US technology exports.
The list is referred to as entities list, which will not be able to purchase technology or commodities to US suppliers unless a special export license is obtained from the US Department of Commerce.
The company is listed on the black list: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co. Ltd., China's electronic technology group Fourth Electronics Technology Group, Dongguan Ling Link, Eagle Aviation Technology Co. Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Aerospace Science and Technology Limited, and Shanxi Eagle Aviation Science and Technology Group Limited Limited.
Previously, the White House said it was considering a wider range of measures to “exploy and deal with” a more massive monitoring of US national security.
The balloon triggered further tensions between China and the United States, US Secretary of State Brindon cancelled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States hit the balloon, and the Chinese government raised a rigorous orthodox interference to the US Embassy in China, criticizing the efforts and processes that have caused a serious impact and stabilizing relations between the two sides.
From the existing evidence of debris and information on procurement platforms of the Chinese military, the US government concluded that the gas-ball manufacturers “from direct ties with the PLA” and that they were suppliers approved by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that the Chinese side has repeatedly illustrated the situation and illustrated its position as a result of the unresilience of a Chinese airship.
According to the Foreign Ministry website, she added that the relevant resolutions of the United States Congress are purely politically furnished and fried.
China is strongly dissatisfied and resolutely opposed.
'Today action shows that we identify and stop China's efforts to use espionage balloons that have violated airspace between the US and more than 40 countries,' says Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export law enforcement.
"
Reuters reported that a staff at Tianhai Aviation Technology Co. Ltd. in Guangzhou said they were not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and the Chinese Embassy have not commented on these information.
(Reuters and others)
According to a 2023 German vocal copyright declaration, all of this article is protected by copyright laws, such as a special authorization without a German voice, and may not be used without authorization.
Any improper conduct will lead to recourse and be investigated for criminal responsibility.
(German) The earthquake has been dull for several days in parts of Turkey and Syria, but a five-season rescue effort on Saturday is unhappy to find survivors.
According to the Associated Press, the five homes were successfully rescued after five days of trapping the ruins under the ruins.
The rescuers first pulled out of a pile of ruins, and then found his father, but insisted that he would save his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, the crowd shouted cheerfully.
In southern Turkey, a 16-year-old and a 70-year-old woman was rescued in bad weather conditions.
"What day is it today?
" The 129-hour teenage under the trapped ruins asked rescuers after they were brought back to the ground.
A Cahramman Mahrash man hug his bailed cat
The miracle of successful rescues brings a dawn to hope that the search has been slim, but at the same time, the number of victims is rising.
According to official statistics, more than 20,000 deaths have been caused in Turkey, with the number of neighbouring Syrian deaths estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say people can survive more than a week after trapped ruins, hopes for more survivors have become dull.
Rescue workers are still trying to find signs of life under the ruins by using a hot imaging instrument.
Meanwhile, the focus of rescue efforts has begun to help those survivors who need to help.
United Nations official: Disasters in the region's "Ten Years Unemployment"
Martin Griffiths of the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Martin Griffiths told a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the worst disaster in the region since the century.
He also praised Turkey’s response to the disaster as a "unusual" response.
He also told Reuters that rescues would be able to provide areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also indicated that the relevant issues were "not clear".
The United Nations has pledged to provide additional $25 million to Syrian earthquake victims.
Earlier this week, the United Nations has announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Earthquake in Chile (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake in human history was 9.5.
Within ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia became a ruin.
The huge tsunami that followed the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, lifting a wave height of 25 meters high.
The tsunami waves to distant Japan, the Philippines.
The number of deaths caused by such a calamity and economic losses cannot be precisely known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Alaska earthquake (1964)
On March 27, 1964, it was a Friday and a difficult day for Jesus.
This day the largest earthquake in Alaska in North America reached 9.2 magnitude.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake remains the third largest earthquake in the world.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate collapsed near the Gulf of the College.
The earthquake lasted three minutes to five minutes in most of the region.
The seabed displacement triggered a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 metres.
As the day was a holiday, school and many businesses closed.
The quake eventually killed 139 people.
The 9 people died directly from the earthquake, and the other 130 died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two or more severe earthquakes occurred in Tangshan and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China.
The quake is 23 kilometers from the ground.
Transport, communication, water supply and electricity in the city of Tangshan, is burned to the ground.
140 kilometers outside the capital Beijing has a strong sense of shock.
According to official statistics, all affected areas, including Beijing, Tianjin, have caused 24,2769 deaths and 164851 serious injuries.
The Tangshan Earthquake became the second-largest earthquake in China after the Great Earthquake in 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake could cause at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Earthquakes in the Indian Ocean (2004)
On December 26, 2004, a quake of 160 kilometers (160 mi) from the west coast of Azi, Indonesia, caused a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3 magnitude.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami high of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast have been waved, with the worst affected areas including the provinces of Indonesia, Thai pickli and Puji, Sri Lanka, and Tamil in India.
At the time of Christmas travel, a large number of passengers and local residents gathered in the affected areas, resulting in a tsunami that many travellers who enjoy holidays on the beach and locals working on the seaside to the bottom of the sea.
It is estimated that there are at least 300,000 deaths and missing persons.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan province.
According to the China Earthquake Bureau, the earthquake has a magnitude of 8.2 and a magnitude of 8.3 magnitude, destroying the region over 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake caused a total of 6,69227 deaths, 17923 missing, 37,463 injuries, and 1993.03 million people lost their homes.
It is the largest earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the greatest casualties in the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that it would be a disaster prevention day on May 12, 2009, strengthening education for the population and focusing on disaster prevention efforts.
Since then, China has held a seismic exercise every year.
High Schools also began to attach importance to the popularization of "quake-prevention reduction" education.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Earthquakes in Haiti (2010)
On January 12, 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurred on the island of the Caribbean.
The earthquake is located about 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, about 13 kilometers.
The International Red Cross is estimated to have a population of about 3 million affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has announced more than 200,000 deaths.
In some parts of Haiti, up to 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
While the international community has provided substantial assistance and support, the excess poverty-stricken poor country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world over 60 years
Earthquakes in the northeast of Japan (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a magnitude of 9.0 in the northeast of Japan occurred at a magnitude of 9.0.
The quake is located in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the city's capital, Sandai City, with a depth of 24 kilometers and triggered a huge tsunami of 40.1 m high.
The quake was the first earthquake in Japan to observe a quake of more than 9 magnitudes.
About 2.2 million people were killed in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
Fukushima's first nuclear power station was affected by an earthquake tsunami.
The accident was classified as the seventh most serious in the international nuclear event rating table (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident has resulted in measurements of trace radioactive substances worldwide, including iodine-131, caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes have been released into the Pacific.
According to the UN statistics, at least 887,000 people are desperately need food in the disaster areas of the two countries.
In Syria alone, up to 5.3 million people lost their homes because of the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) called for $770 million to provide food for the displaced populations in Turkey and Syria due to the earthquake.
At present, the temperature is low to zero, many disaster victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed a lot of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still struggling to deliver a lot of urgently needed help.
During the midst of 12 years in Syria, the earthquake has intensified the sufferings of the population.
Four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 1.1.5 million people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for external injuries and emergency operations.
(America, Reuters, etc.)
According to a 2023 German vocal copyright declaration, all of this article is protected by copyright laws, such as a special authorization without a German voice, and may not be used without authorization.
Any improper conduct will lead to recourse and be investigated for criminal responsibility.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Department calls on the public to prevent fake telecommunications companies from fraud
A number of telecommunications frauds have been issued by a molecule fake of fraud messages attached to a web link to the head of the Telecommunications Corporation, in order to accumulate a bait as soon as possible, and to induce the owners to engage in a fake website.
According to instruction, the owner entered the credit card information and verification code, and received the financial institution's notification of unspecified consumption records, suspecting that credit card data had been stolen by the above website.
As a result, the relevant telecommunications companies have no such short messages.
The CIA calls on the public to ensure that access to similar mobile phones requires greater vigilance, not to link or provide any personal data to the website contained in the text message; if requested to provide credit card information, account transaction password, transaction verification code, plus caution, to prevent credit cards from being stolen.
Default tips:
1. To pay more attention to network security information and improve personal defense awareness;
2. Do not log into unidentified websites and register personal and credit card information within the website to prevent stolen use;
3. Vigilance of fake websites and fishing websites, and constantly notice whether the website is fully compatible with the official website;
install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers, and update regularly.
5. When suspicious of fraud or other crimes, it shall immediately call the Police Department to fraud enquiry hotline 8800 7777 or report 993 hotline.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong's largest survey team visits Macau tourist attractions to Hong Kong and expands Hong Kong's "connected tour"
The Tourism Bureau, which consists of more than 100 Hong Kong Tourism Department, Tourism Industry and Media representatives, has moved to Macau two days (10 and 11) in addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, and Hong Kong Travel Industry and Media representatives have issued a wide range of visits to Macau Tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities to the latest Macau Tourism Products in Hong Kong.
Introduction to Macau Tourism
The Hong Kong 100-member mission comprises the leadership of the Hong Kong Government Tourism Department, over 60 representatives from Travel Agents and Macau Transboundary Transboundary Transport Transport Transport Operators, as well as about 30 journalists from the Tourism magazines and newspapers, Tourism Social Media, Network Media Representatives and Blogging/Infrared, Hong Kong's industry and the media have contacted Macau's new Tourist Travel Resources to Hong Kong residents to visit Hong Kong via the Hong Kong Transport Department's Transportation Transportation Transportation and Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation Transportation
Two-day intensive business agency advocacy
The team visited the World Heritage Site, Macau Historic City, Experiment of the Macau Grand Prix Museum, the "Thran Shuttle Trinity Triba" , the Big Three Basket Silver Digital Experiment, Macau, the Taipai Old Town Area, and a number of large resort hotels and facilities: The Karl Lagerfeld, the Employee Palace, Macao Macao, the Macao Macao Silon, the Macao Gate, the Macao, the Macao Macao Gate, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao Gate, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao, the Macao Gate
Through visiting Macau Tourism Facilities, visiting Macau tourist facilities, visiting Macau with a personal experience, sharing Macau tourism resources and travel experience to Hong Kong residents, integrating Macao's latest tourist products promotion and sales to Hong Kong residents.
Enjoy Hong Kong Passengers to expand the link between Hong Kong and Macau
On a regular basis, the Tourism Bureau has paved promotional offensives in the Hong Kong market and introduced various preferences, including the introduction of Transport Ticket Preferences to Hong Kong and Macau to a new advertising platform on the line.
Following last month's invitation to the Hong Kong Tourism industry leaders to exchange visits and experience Macau Tourism+, the Hong Kong Tourism industry and media representatives from Hong Kong to Hong Kong have been organizing the Hong Kong Tourism Industry and Hong Kong tourist industry to expand marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong visitors to Macau's lodging consumption, and the two sectors have agreed to expand the market to overseas markets to promote the recovery of tourism industry in both fields.
Xi Jinping's reply barely helps Chinese African medical team members to help the local people in a renowned way to tell Chinese stories - Rolling news - Hunan Daily Network - Hunan Daily
Xi Jinping's reply barely encouraged Chinese African medical team members to help the local people in a renovated way to tell Chinese stories about the actual actions of their local people
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [sourcing: Xinhua news agency] fonts: big and medium.
Xinhua news agency Xinhua news agency, China Central Committee President Xi Jinping, issued a letter of February 9 to members of the Chinese medical team who aided the 19th Central African Republic, greeting them as well as overseas medical personnel.
Xi said in a reply that you have overcome the difficulty of working in China and serve the local population with heart, as well as a friendly angel to help the wounded.
This year is a 60th anniversary of China's foreign-funded medical team, and I have a sincere sympathy to comrades who are working with foreign medical missions.
According to Xi, the Chinese people love peace and treasure life, and aiding medical care is a vivid embodiment.
We hope that you will not forget your earliest heart, remember your mission, vigorously promote the arduous, sacrificing, saving the wounded, and influencing the spirit of the Chinese medical team, so as to make a greater contribution to the construction of a human health-health community.
Foreign medical care is an important part of our country's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past six decades, 300,000 medical personnel have been dispatched to 76 countries in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, and 2.9 million medical personnel have been diagnosed with the international community.
At present, foreign medical teams work at 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, with almost half of them working in a remote and arduous region.
In recent days, 11 members of the 19th China-Africa Medical Team have written to Xi Jinping General, reporting on learning to carry out the twenty-two spirits of the Party, to provide medical services to the local population, and to express their determination to contribute to the building of the human health-health community.
Members, alternate members of the Central Committee, and provincial cadres at the provincial level carry out the twentieth spiritual development of Xi Jinping New Age with Chinese characteristics, and the Party's twenty-first psychiatric ideology, rolling news, Hunan Daily News Network
Members, alternate members of the Central Committee and provincial ministries leading cadres to carry out the twenty-two spiritual developments of Xi Jinping New Age with Chinese characteristics
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [sourcing: Xinhua news agency] fonts: big and medium.
The Xinhua news agency, Beijing on February 10, Beijing, China Electrified the Central Committee on New Implementation, Remedies and Remembrance Committee, and the provincial ministries leading cadres to study the twenty-second spiritual developments of Xi Jinping's new era with Chinese characteristics, and the Party's twentieth spiritual development, the Standing Committee of the Central Committee of the Political Bureau, the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee, and the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee of the Central Committee.
He said he should study deep into the spirit of the important speeches in the workshop, and firmly embrace the "two established" and firmly adhere to the "two maintenance" and enhance the work of leading and truly grasping the various aspects of Chinese modernization, thus promoting the overall development of the socialist modernization state, promoting the great rehabilitation of the Chinese nation and creating the performance of historical, practical and people's tests.
During the course of the seminar, all students took the guidance of Xi Jinping New Age's socialist thought, earnestly studying the twenty-first spirits and general secretarys of the Party and Xi Jinping in order to make sure that the Party's new era of socialism makes good sense of responsibility and ensure a good sense of responsibility for promoting the renewing of the Chinese nation's great rehabilitation and rehabilitation efforts under the leadership of the central Party of Xi Jinping.
At the end of the business, 10 delegates of the workshop talked about the gains of learning.
Mr Tsai said learning to follow the twenty-second spirit of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is both the primary political task of the current and future periods, and a long-term strategic task, to pursue the requirements of " comprehensive learning, comprehensive grasp and comprehensive implementation", and to drive the learning to carry out the work into deep, deep into the field, into the field and into the heart.
We should deepen the decisive significance of the "two established" and resolutely maintain the core position of Xi Jinping General Secretary, maintain the central authority and centralized leadership of the Party, constantly improve political judgement, political enlightenment, political energies and political execution, and consistently maintain a high degree of agreement with the central Party's central Party in the core of Xi Jinping.
To master this viewpoint of Marxist theory, self-consciously use the Party's innovation theory to arm the brain, guide practice and promote work, to learn steadfast faith, to learn absolute loyalty and to learn the mission.
In order to fulfill the twenty-second mental state of the Party, we should vigorously advance the modernization of the Chinese style, roll up the sleeves and dried up, roll out the sleeves and sleeves as a good "construction captain" and a footprint transforms the blueprint into reality.
We must bear in mind that all the Party is on the road forever, and the Party’s self-revolution is always on the road, tightening the full range of its political responsibility, with the political construction of the Party as a leader, and deepening the new great works of the New Age Party.
We should strengthen the leadership of the high-quality development and service the masses in their leading role in the prevention of risks and prevention, and vigorously prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shen Tai-feng, Lei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jin-hong, Wang Xiao-hong attended the business style.
Google AI chat robots “an error problem” Mother's share price has evaporated billion dollars
(Integrated 11 Electric)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chat robot, Bard, is unfavourable, leading to a sharp fall of 8.9 per cent on Wednesday, plunging $100 million ($47.65 billion) in market value to evaporate $94.57 as of Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not competing against Microsoft.
According to Reuters' report, Google publishes AI chat robot Bard's propaganda short film in a social media, which new discovery of 9-year-old children about James Webbb Space Telescope (JWST).
Bard explained in his reply that the telescope had taken the first photo of an extrasolar planet in the solar system.
However, according to the U.S. National Aeronautics Agency data, the first photos of the Solar Outer Solar System were filmed in 2004 by the “With Large Telescope” of the European Southern Observatory.
Reuters also reported a slump in Alphabet stock prices after a mistake.
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "significantly highlights the importance of a rigorous test process", which combines external feedback to its internal tests to ensure that Bard's responses " reach high standards on the basis of quality, security, and real information".
Tourism in Singapore has grown by 19 times as strong as it was in 2021
(Integrated 11) The Singapore Tourism Administration has recently announced that the number of international visitors to Singapore is expected to reach 1.2 million to 1.4 million in 2023, bringing about 1.8 billion to 210 billion yuan ($1.1 billion) tourist revenues, and passenger secondary and tourism revenue will resume to about 67% to 75% of the COVID-19 pandemic before 2019; and the possibility of a comprehensive recovery in 2024.
In 2022, the Singapore Tourism Market gradually restarted and resumed.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Bureau in 2022, Immigration Passengers rose 19 times from 33.06 million in 2021 to 60.3 million, surpassing the estimated 4 million to 6 million people previously predicted by the Tourism Administration, and tourists have recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level before the pandemic.
From January 2022 to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled 89.6 billion yuan, anticipating a total of 1.8 billion to 143 billion yuan in 2022, up from 60 to 7 times that of 18.9 billion yuan in 2021, and has recovered to about 50 per cent to 52 per cent of the pre- COVID-19 pandemic.
The government of Singapore has made more and more efforts to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced that nearly 500 million new yuan would be used to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Administration has announced plans to allocate 1.1 billion yuan from the budget for the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract travelers.
In order to make healthy admissions to become a tourist spot in Singapore, the Singapore Tourism Bureau issued a campaign to develop a healthy development site on the southern coast of Singapore on 23 November 2022.
'In recent years, more and more visitors have placed their health on top of all considerations.
The development of a healthy rehabilitation site for Singapore's tourism and economy is expected to make a contribution to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing visitors to consume and stay longer in Singapore.
According to the Singapore Travel Commission, health care will be an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has boosted public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Bureau has promoted health-care programs to local and international visitors over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Bureau hosted its first health-care diet, which provided more than 130 health activities and experiences for the public.
Singapore will continue to provide a new travel experience for visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avanda World, the San Taosa Central Beach, the Arts Museum, and the newly expanded "New Area" exhibition hall, as well as a new open-air avenue for the Night Wild Zoo, the Tourism Bureau will support the development and updates of projects such as the Firms and Avian Park in the World of Wild Animals.
In accordance with the plan, Singapore will formulate conferences, exhibitions and incentives for sustainable development in tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The revival of Singapore's tourism has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
As of December 18, 2022, the number of passengers received at Changyi Airport has reached 1.5 million times a day, compared to about 75% before the COVID-19 pandemic, and the number of airline workers has recovered to about 90% of pre-pandemic levels.
Figures show that 23.6 million passengers were received from January to October 2022, equivalent to 42 per cent of the pre- COVID-19 pandemic, and a 1.7 million flights, 53 per cent before the pandemic.
Tourism has recovered rapidly, and has brought recovery in the lodging, transportation, food and shopping sectors.
The Singaporean government and tourism industry are promising to the Chinese market.
According to a survey by the Assistant Director of the Singapore Tourism Administration, Singapore's security index is ranking three of the world's top three, one of the reasons why Singapore is beloved by Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, China has about 3.6 million trips to Singapore every year.
As China relaxes border policy, Chinese visitors are expected to recover from 3 to 6 in 2019.
The Tourism Bureau will follow closely the signals that China has responded to the change in demand for visitors.
The Singapore Tourism Bureau, in addition to its travel platforms and travel agencies strengthening partnerships with Chinese lines, will be actively prepared to meet Chinese visitors.
Looking at the tourism market of 2023, the Singapore Tourism Bureau is confident that the global economy will recover faster than expected if it does not have a significant recession affecting public income, as well as a result of a new massive deadly epidemic.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter are falling by the cold
(Integrated 11) North Korea held a 75th Anniversary Ceremony in the evening, the leader Kim Jong-un's daughter-in-law, not only attended but also served with his father.
The film was released on 9 December by the North Korean media, snuggling around her father several times in a temperamental sight, whispering, she tapped her father's cheeks with her hands, and even touched her father's chest.
However, the first lady, Li Snow, had to retreat to the side.
Kim Jong-un, Lee Snow-woman's wife, who took her daughter's favourites to the dinner party on 7 July, was rarely sitting in the middle of her parents, during the 75th Anniversary Session, and she went to the presidency with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean media, "North Korea Central Television", has released a military video that has exposed more seldom images of the father's girlfriend.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the presidency stage, and the smiles on both sides had never returned, and slipped to each other in his ear, and the Golden Lord held his father's cheeks with his hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a splendid smile.
Other media have also shown that Goldman Love and Kim Jong-un are constantly touching his father's face when she is in a chair in the room; while she walks with her father, she touches the chest of Kim Jong-un.
The first lady, Li Snow, had to walk on the back or by side, always a few paces from her husband and daughter.
The South Korean media pointed out that Gold's exposure has been rising for the first time since the launch of the Mars 17-floor bomb on November 18, and has appeared in the fifth degree of formal admission.
The North Korean media mentioned the most dearest sons and precious brethren, as well as the screaming of the golden master's love in the face of a parade overlooking the troop.
These indications allow the outside world to doubt whether Goldman's love has been defined as a successor to the Kimsai regime, and the Washington Post analyses that "This is Kim Jong-un's message that Kim Jong-un has pushed his middle school-aged daughter to the status of a person, but also has a view that such judgments are prematurely premature in the case of a son in Kim Jong-un's knee.
Heyang Qian-yang looks at a non-agricultural employment data exceeding expectations and future trends in January - Economic Observation Network - Professional Finance Information website
Q: How do you think of a non-agricultural employment data exceeding expectations and future trends in January?
A: On February 3, 2023, the US Department of Labor announced that the new non-agricultural employment figures were 51.7 million in January 2023, a significant increase in non-agricultural employment than the market expected by 18.9 million; unemployment dropped to 3.4 per cent to 3.4 per cent, the lowest level since nearly 50 years; 4.4 per cent salaries grew by 4.4 per cent, or slightly slower than 0.3 per cent.3 per cent.
In total, there is a lot of arbitrary and technical disturbances in this data, such as the modification of the strike-off worker, the survey of statistical calibre, the renewal of seasonal tuning factors, and the renewal of seasonal tunings (about 3.4 million non-peasants from January 2022 to 36.4 million in January 2022), non-agricultural employment or unemployment or unlike data.
The impact of high-tech firms is still low, but new jobs such as leisure hotels, education and health have risen dramatically, with data showing a lack of labor in the service industry.
By combining the same super-expected service sector PMI, job vacancies and labor-finance data, we judge the rapid restoration of US service industry after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that supply and demand in the US job market is hard to improve without a recession.
At present, there are more than five million supply gaps in the US labor market, and labor participation is slow, especially at the age of 25-54, which has reached pre-pandemic levels.
In addition, the strong consumer demand will further lag the impact of tightening policy on the job market because of the strong savings and consumer credit.
Continuous tensions in the US job market will be the bottom of the US economy in 2023.
As a result of a recent increase, inflation expectations are repeated, and we are not optimistic about a sustained decline in wage growth.
The U. S. equity remittance market is too optimistic about the Fed's interest-rate path.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed has kept a fragile balance of market inflation expectations while reducing interest rates, but markets are dismissed by the Fed’s statement toward a hawk, not only expected to cut interest rates earlier, but also expected to cut interest rates twice in the end of the year.
In the case of labor-market demand and tightening, we believe that the Fed’s index of interest-rate increases is relatively reasonable at the end of the year, and that the market’s extreme adjustment and trade-consciousness will hurt the market.
Nonetheless, the current market expectations are hard to falsify future inflation data, or enter a new round of game after the next-phase inflation data is announced, as the M2 data are rotating negatively and the leading indicators of each CPI have turned to a rapid drop in US CPI data since October.
Zheng Yonggang, a founder of Susan, has led the Chinese dress first-rate transition - economic observation network - professional financial news website
On February 11, 2023, Microsoft Public, a certification body, issued obituary obituary publication, issued by the founders of the firs and the chairman of the board of directors, Zheng Yong, who died on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the head of the state-run cotton mill, and in 1989, Zheng Yongjing became the factory director of the former Ningbo Yun-kong dress factory.
In December 2022, at the Twenty-second annual meeting of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the Twenty-second Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yong-gang said in a speech that in the 1990s Chinese western suit market, a market share of 37 per cent was achieved.
In 1996, the company was listed as the first listed Chinese clothing company.
As a dressing business began to shift, Zheng realized that, once the market is placed, the Chinese brand will naturally form a ladder brand, the Xian Xian Xi Xian will always want to harass and become a national uniform for a long time.
In 1999, Spruce began studying the transformation of the enterprise, and Zheng Yong-gang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to do in the final transition, specialized in a number of expert scholars and constantly open a few symposiums and fiction seminars.
Finally, we set two big strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy sources, and another is a healthy future.
After a strategic direction is determined, the Anshan Hot Energy Institute is working on a national 863 topic, insufficient scientific research and funding, so the Institute of Carbon Susan and Anshan Hot Engineering has signed a partnership agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the 863 project, engaging in the development, production and sales of negative materials in the country.
In 2001, Spruce shares achieved a scale production of middle-phase carbon microspheres and began to replace Japan as the main supplier of carbon microspheres in the middle of the country.
This is the first Chinese lithium-ion battery in China to produce negative pole materials, and it has achieved lithium-ion battery negative polarization.
With the rapid adoption of lithium batteries, lithium batteries began to develop, and in 2007, lithium electromaterials business was incorporated into the main business of the shares of Spanish, whereas the cost of garment business declined year by year, until 2013, the revenue of lithium-electro-materials shares exceeded the costume business.
In February 2021, the company successfully acquired LG chemical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical company LCD optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical optical opt
Zheng Yong-hang has shared the hearts of post-capital management, “China’s private enterprise has acquired some high-tech firms from the international community, a relatively low probability of success, and why do those purchases fail?”
Because everybody is going to think so much, I have to go to a party, a behavior that is usually going to do, but Zheng Yongqiang, unlike the day when he bought a success, Zheng Yongqiang, announced that a big shareholder of fir-fire as a chairman, decided to implement a two-building system in addition to Zheng Yongqi, a squasi-fir, a company's owners do not have a way to run a licensing business, the culture and management patterns of enterprise, enterprises, enterprises, enterprises, enterprises, enterprises, culture, enterprises, enterprises, culture and other various management and other modes that have been authorized to do not to do not to do not to do so.
According to ICC Xinhui, 2022 negative pole data, a 20% increase in quantity in 2022, compared with a 100% increase, market share of 16%, man-made graphite-negative materials ranking top of the chart.
In optical optical business, Yano Research shows the global market share of the company's squadron of 2022 is 29%, with market share expected to reach 32 per cent in 2023, and continues to be the world's first.
In the first three quarters of 2022, a net profit of $15.8.1 billion was $3.3 billion, and on February 10, 19.24 yuan ($436 million).
On February 9, 2022, the company's graphite production was about 100,000 tons of effective production, and its graphite production was still in crawl.
It has been shown that Zheng Yongjing is still the chairman and actual controller of the shares of Frussia.
As a result, Zheng Yongqi has a total shareholder of 40.1%.
The General Manager of Xishua, born in 1968 in Dongguan City, Dongguan City, Fujian Materials Co. Ltd., Ningbo Shun Shun Shun Shui Energy Technology Co. Ltd., vice president of Ningbo Shui Shun Shui Shui Shui Shun Shui Shui Shui Shui S
The company's senior managers have no relationship with the company's actual controller on February 10, 2007, said on the interactive platform for investors.
"Fund E Account" comes: The Commission authorizes the development of all funds under the name of investors to integrate and enquiry - Economy Observation Network - Professional Finance Information website
Economic Observation Network Journalist Chen Zhangshan Fund Buying channels makes it easy to integrate account information?
Always forgot to "small treasury"?
These problems are about to be resolved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was on various mobile phone applications stores and carried out public trials.
The Fund's E Account provides a "stop-type" query service for individual investors to address a wide range of small and medium-sized investors forgotten accounts, enquiries into cumbersome industry services.
By the end of 2022, a total of 156 public-equity fund managers were managed by a total of 1.2 trillion yuan, with 167 registered agencies, and 411 public-equity fund sales agencies.
Each share of the registration organization's account system is independent and lacks a unified query channel for industry.
Traders say more than 7.2 billion Chinese fund investors in the end of 2021, or that half of the country have invested in fund products.
Before that, investors need to inquire about purchases by different sales agencies, and through the Fund Account, they can enquire about the purchase of all sales channels.
What is the Fund Account APP?
According to relevant documents, the Fund E Account APP is a one-stop query for investors who have approved development by the China Securities and Exchange Commission.
Investors can improve the query efficiency by using the "Fund E Account" to facilitate and quicker control of the external share of the fund's products purchased by fund managers under the various market channels.
Specifically, investors can enquire through the Fund E Account: information on the fund accounts established by all public fund managers, information on trading accounts issued by the public fund sales agencies, and foreign shareholders holding products such as the Open Secure Investment Fund, and securities firms that have managed by securities companies are not limited by 200.
Investors are able to learn about all of their foreign fund holdings through the Fund Account, helping them find "forgotten assets", and more important to help clients achieve full-account information sets in the comprehensive fund investment situation, helping customers more timely and accurately manage their own investment situations, so that they can better optimize their own portfolio allocation of their own funds to plan their own financial arrangements better.
How do you register?
Reporters have noted that APP has been stored in China for mobile phone applications such as apples, rice, OPPO, vivo, etc., but APP is still in a public trial stage, registration needs to fill in an invitation code, and investors can contact fund managers holding the fund.
The Shanghai-based Chinese government has offered a six-digit invitation code to reporters on economic observation and told reporters that the APP has offered a certain number of inviting codes to each fund manager, and that investors will get it.
When the test runs over, the user registration does not need an invitation code.
"
Reporters have registered and completed enquiries according to the "Fund E Account" displayed in the CSRC official website. The whole process takes only a few minutes, divided into four steps: user registration, real certification, fund account binding, public fund query.
Following this step, clicking on the binding button of the Asset Fund, where all fund products purchased by various fund sales platforms appear in the binding option list (to binding accounts) and intuitively see the total assets of the fund and start using the query function.
It is noteworthy that the Fund's E Account provides only enquiries for investors and cannot engage in redemption.
The data date indicated by the Fund E Account is typically the date of enquiries for users (T) to advance three trading days.
For example, on February 10, the "Fund E Account" was opened, with the total assets, funds and net value displayed on the asset pages pushing three trading days ahead of the date, February 7.
Copyright Statement: The above contents are the original works of the Economic Observation and the copyright is owned by the Economic Observation Agency.
Without the Authorization of the Economic Observer Society, the transfer or mirror will be strictly prohibited, or the legal responsibility of the relevant actors will be investigated according to law.
Copyright Co-operation: 010-60910566-1260.
Anti-Japan-Japanese-Japanese-Japanese
Asia – On February 9, the Philippines President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan to meet with the Prime Minister's Prime Minister.
The two sides reached a consensus against the CPC infringement on the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and the Philosophy leaders issued a joint statement that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges through signing a three-bound defense agreement with the United States to oppose the CPC hegemony policy.
According to the Japanese media, Mr. Koda wants to help the two countries set up policies aimed at the Taiwan crisis.
Little Macos visited China early January, and received $2 billion in deals.
But after that, the Sino-Fei relations have not only turned well, but declined.
At the beginning of this month, the Philippines signed a deal with the United States that agreed to open more bases for the US military to guarantee security in the South China Sea.
A new base is 300 kilometers from Taiwan, and a location closest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may act on a base in the Philippines.
The Japanese media believe that both Japan and the Philippines now form a shaft with the United States to build a Western Pacific “country arc” to facilitate regional cooperation.
Song Tao, vice-president of the Kuomintang Party, visited China: Welcome to the Green Camp
Taiwan's vice-president of the Chinese Kuomintang Nationalist Party, Xia Liang, meets with Chinese state-run director Song Tao and the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China.
Zhao Xunshan, a senior consultant of the National Party's official state agency, took an interview with the Taiwan Central Society last night and actively evaluated the Song Tao's comments on Xia Li, saying that China welcomed the visit to the mainland as long as it agreed with the "nine-second consensus" and the counter-Taiwan independence.
The Kuomintang side appraises that it is a new thing.
Song Tao told the news sooner or later that.
Taiwan's ruling DPP has been clarified to refuse to accept a "ninth-century consensus".
According to the central agency today, the vice-president of the Kuomintang will visit the country, during the period of Beijing, during which he meets the head of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China’s Central Political Bureau, Song Tao, the head of the Standing Committee of the People's Republic of China.
Xia Liang and Song Tao are talking about the political bases of the Communist Party of China as a "nine-two-two-two consensus" and a consultant to Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant to the Kuomintang National Political Foundation, said in a meeting that the "nine-two-two consensus" of the Kuomintang Party was the original saint.
Zhao Xunshan analysis, which is different from previous meetings.
The recent talks with the mainland scholars, as well as the talks, did not hear scholars talk about martial and anti-semitting laws, instead of resumption of communication and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the Chinese mainland is looking forward to improving relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Republic of China and the other party is willing to work well to the Taiwanese, deputies do not want the cross-Straits relations to be bad.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Xinning has also directed himself to Song Tao to "thou must implement the requirements raised by the peasants of the Taiwan Fishermen" , which cannot be solved, and case-tackled.
The report does not refer to whether the Kuomintang visits the mainland to refer to the daily disturbance of Chinese military vessels, the issue of agricultural fisheries in a few counties in Taiwan, and whether the central agency reporter interviews.
The French union once again mobilized anti-government retirement reform plans
On Saturday (11 February), the French trade union again launched a national mobilization against the government's retirement pension reform, calling for people to go to the streets to express their views.
This is the fourth day of action against the social trend of the proposed reform of the government pension system.
How many people respond to the assembly may affect the next move by union groups.
This is a month since the fourth time the eight-member unions have launched a national mobilization and the first time the protest will be arranged on Saturday.
As for most French, Saturday is a public holiday, they do not need to choose between demonstrations or wage strikes, so trade unions are hoping that today's assembly activities will attract more people to participate.
Trade unions in the public transport system and public railroads have not called for workers to strike today, and the public transport system should function normally, and the public can travel to a gathering location while the school starts a winter vacation area.
Trade union groups want more than one million people to participate in a gathering today, whereas the number of police envisaged is likely between 60,000 and 80,000, the Paris Municipality may have reached 90,000 to 1.2 million.
Since the start of this anti-government pension reform campaign, although polls have shown that most French do not support measures to postpone legal retirement age from 62 to 64 years old, the number of participating in the streets has gradually decreased.
The first strike on January 31 reached 12.7 million to 2.5 million throughout the country.
On Tuesday (February 7) the demonstrators have shrunk to 7.7 million people across the country.
The retirement pension reform is currently under discussion in the French National Assembly.
In the wild party, particularly with radical left-wing proposals, numerous amendments have been handed to the deliberation process.
The dispute between the field is becoming increasingly fierce.
A militant left-wing political party, France, a legislature in social media, sent a picture of a balloon with a printed labor minister, triggering a ruling party protest.
The President of the National Assembly eventually announced that he would ban the legislature for 15 days as a punishment for such acts.
Despite the biggest social trends in France over the last two decades, the government has so far made no significant concessions for the draft.
The trade union is ready to launch another action on Thursday, March 7, when the draft reform was delivered to the Senate debate, the trade union also planned to organize demonstrations.
China encourages higher fertility rates to higher institutions to raise sperm quality standards
The Human Sperm Treasury in Yunnan Province, China has issued a publicity campaign to seek more than a college degree or a sperm donation of 8 to 12 yuan subsidies to RMB 4,500 yuan.
According to the media today, the message was rushed to Microsoft, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
China encourages university students to donate sperm, according to the Free Times.
In addition to the qualifications, there is a high level of 170 cm (170 m) above the level of qualification, five official positive, non-apparent dismissal, and near-vision degrees beyond 600 degrees.
According to the report, the human sperm library in Yunnan province has stated that sperm donors have access to a full range of 1,000 yuan-yuan men's medical examinations, "especially sperm and chromosome testing, and most of them have never done so to understand their reproductive status".
The condition of donation includes 165 cm height, a college degree or above, no colorless blindness, B liver and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quotes China's daily news reports that human sperm libraries in Shaanxi have "paid sperm, infinite glory" propaganda posters calling for young people to respond to sperm donations, and to encourage netizens to transmit relevant messages.
Shaanxi Province is higher than Yunnan, with a qualified person receiving RMB 300 yuan cash at a time and completing a certain number of sperm donors can obtain RMB 5,000 yuan subsidies.
The highest known price is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister in East Germany died
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that last night, "Hans Modrow left us, aged 95.
So our party lost an important leader.
"
On November 13, 1989, four days after opening the Berlin Wall of 28 years between East Berlin and West Berlin, Modro said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic state.
The communist leaders were forced to step down because protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
Mikhail Gorbachev, a Soviet-led eastern Europe, called for a change in the Soviet-led eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modro announced that the first time the German Democratic Republic (GDR) was the only free election.
The election resulted in him no longer as Prime Minister.
Despite his reforms, the opposition accused him of attempting to postpone political change and reunification in October 1990.
He was also criticized for attempting to reshape the secret police instead of abolishing secret police.
In 1993, Modro was convicted of electoral fraud in May 1989, but was not imprisoned.
These allegations are supposed to be politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modro continued to serve in the German Parliament and served as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro treated himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from inside.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want to return to Old East Germany, but said he should recognize the achievements of East Germany.
Modro was born in 1928 in the German town of Jasienica (now the Jasienica) and trained in a mechanic.
During World War II, he became a member of the Nazi militia group Volksturm, which called for men from 16 to 60 to participate in the final struggle.
At the age of 17, Modro was taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he participated in anti-fascist courses and became a firm communist.
In 1949, when East Germany was founded, he found a mechanic work and continued to study social science and economics, and obtained his PhD degree.
Modro was a member of the Free German Youth Movement, and almost all young East Germans joined the Movement, and promoted to the chairman of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) from 1973 to 1989.
He also served in the Eastern German Parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modro became a de facto leader in East Germany, serving as the highest state position.
The Iranian hackers supported protests during the anniversary of the Revolution
On Saturday, an official gathering of the Islamic Republic of Iran commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lessi’s television address.
The president's televised speech was interrupted about a minute on the Internet, with a group of anti-Iran government hackers marking the name "Edalat Ali".
There is also a voice shouting "The Islamic Republic is dead".
According to Reuters today, hackers interrupted state television stations during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution.
During the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, Lessey's hardline government faces the biggest bold challenge to ask young protesters to step down, but Lessy still calls for a repentance of “deceived youth” to repent, so they can get a pardon for Iran’s top leaders.
Amini, a 22-year-old Amigni Mahsa Amini, died in September in the country's moral police, and protests were still in Iran.
The Iranian security forces have a deadly repression of protests, one of the strongest challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overturns 2500 monarchy.
As part of the Anniversary of the Revolution, Iranian authorities released a dissident insurgents Fahád Messami and Iranian-France scholar Fariba Adlha on Friday.
The Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty order, including some prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters were killed, including 71 minors.
According to the report, 70 government security personnel were killed.
It was believed that up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
Iran’s leaders and state media have been calling for a vote on Saturdays to show opposition to protests and support for the government.
On Friday night's anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed that cigarettes were part of a government-sponsored celebration.
God is the greatest!
However, the assembly hears a lot of people yelling "dictators die!
The Islamic Republic's death in a video released by social media.
On Saturday, the government television broadcasts a live video of a nationwide official gathering.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, the state-made anti-ballistic missiles, inhuman, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment have been demonstrated.
President Lessey's speech is often interrupted by a slogan of "America's dying," a symbolic slogan on the state rally.
The crowd shouted "Israel dying".
Reuters say Adelkhah, who has been jailed since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor that has deteriorated relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years' imprisonment for the crime of national security in 2020.
They later held her home, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denies these allegations.
Mesami was released a week ago, supporters warned that he was faced with death risks due to a snack protest.
He was arrested in 2018 for a protest against forced wearing a towel.
The French Foreign Ministry responded Friday to Adelkhah's release, calling for a restoration of her freedom, "including if she is willing, she should allow her to return to France."
"
The balloon is more polished in America?
Strengthening restrictions on technology export to China
According to Wall Street Journal today, the U.S. is ready to tighten its export of Chinese technology.
The current and former security officials say the above-mentioned gasoline events highlight China's national security threat and will seek more political support for strengthening US technology protection.
The United States says the balloon carries antennas and sensors for information collection and communication.
'Martijn Rasser, a former senior U. S. Central Intelligence Agency official in Washington, DC.
"This is undoubtedly a fire pouring oil and supports a strong view of the Chinese hardlines.
“We will also consider taking greater action to illustrate and deal with China's larger surveillance activities, which threaten our national security and our allies and partners,” the White House news secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday.
U.S. officials say they have reported to governments in more than 30 countries that are critical to tackling China’s threat.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the newly formed Ad Hoc Committee on the US and the Chinese Communist Party's strategic competition could suppress the US to slow the development of China.
Members of Congress will feel more and more pressure to take a stronger position, which could force the White House to adopt a stronger policy, she said.
The Wall Street Journal says many people who advocate tighter export controls are driving a wider range of controls to integrate trades such as AI.
The US government has also worked out a foreign investment review program to examine whether US investment abroad has a potential threat to security from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for a faster launch of the plan.
Earthquake Rescue Night
Rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked hard at night in the ruins of thousands of destroyed buildings and rescued survivors buried under debris.
In a cold temperature, they often call for peace, because they try to hear any sound of life from a broken concrete heap.
Two women have been rescued for several days after the earthquake's ruins, according to Reuters.
However, the number of deaths caused by the earthquake rose to 24,150.
The number of deaths in Turkey is 20,665, and more than 3,500 in Syria.
The 7.8 earthquake that occurred Monday occurred in Turkey and Syria, where a number of intense earthquakes took place in Turkey and Syria, the seventh century, the seventh-century natural disaster, exceeding the earthquake and tsunami of Japan in 2011, and nearly 31,000 deaths caused by the Iranian earthquake of neighbouring countries in 2003.
In 1999, a similar earthquake in northwestern Turkey killed more than 17,000 people.
The Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped 122 hours after a 20-year deadliest earthquake in the region, and rescue workers rescued the two women from the ruins of collapsed buildings in Turkey.
Another injured 55-year-old man was identified as Masallah Cicek, who was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in the largest city in the southeastern part of Turkey.
In a cold temperature, rescuers often call for peace, because they try to hear any sounds of life from a broken concrete heap.
In the Samandag district of Turkey, rescue workers squat under concrete boards with a loud voice of Inshallah, “God blessing” – they carefully stretched their hands into the ruins and rescued a 10-day newborn.
He opened his eyes, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and lifted to a hospital in the battlefield.
Video images show that the first aide has taken away his mother, dazzling on the rack, pale face, but awake.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters that 67 people had been rescued from the ruins in the past 24 hours, with 31,000 rescue workers in the affected areas.
Approximately 80,000 people were hospitalized, and 105,000 were homeless due to the earthquake, and they were squeezed in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, there are more and more questions about the two leaders’ response to disaster relief.
According to the Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad travels to a hospital with his wife Asma (Asma) in Aleppo, reportedly to have been the first time since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said it was about to run out of stock in the north-western part of the rebel-controlled Syrian rebels.
On Friday, Erdoğan visited the province of Adyam, Turkey, where he admitted that the government's response did not reach an expected speed.
The opponent seized the attack on Erdoğan, who would run for re-election in a vote held on 14 May, but could be postponed by disaster.
Reuters said anger about delays in aid and rescue efforts could affect elections.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was deemed to be the most serious challenge for Erdoğan’s administration for 20 years.
Erdoğan calls for unity and condemns what he calls the negative movements he calls for political interests.
Turkey’s main opposition leader, Kemal Gildarogru, criticized the government's response.
Critics say the earthquake is huge, but more serious than the earthquake is lack of coordination, lack of planning, and inability.
"
During a visit to Brunei Darussalam on February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minh and his wife visited Brunei Darussalam University (UBD).
The University of Brunei is the largest higher education and science research center in Brunei, ranking third on the regional universities.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam's cooperation with Brunei in education training.
The University of Brunei established a partnership with the FPT University of Vietnam in July 2013, with major areas of cooperation in English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean, the University of Brunei has incorporated Vietnamese language into teaching courses.
During his visit to the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Ming and Lady of Vietnam began to communicate with the students of the Vietnamese language class.
The Prime Minister of Fanming is pleased with the increasing number of foreigners who like to study Vietnamese, and has contributed positively to the promotion of Vietnamese cultural features and the images of the geogenics around the world.
The government's prime minister, Van Ming, expressed confidence and hoped that the Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei are becoming increasingly strong; Vietnamese students are increasingly interested in the Vietnamese language, studying hard, able to use fluency in Vietnamese and become a envoy for friendly relations between the two countries.
Given this opportunity, Van Ming also communicates with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Danao, to understand the situation of learning particularly during the pandemic.
The FPT-UBD Global Centre, particularly the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a vivid symbol of the relationship between Vietnam and Brunei education.
At the same time, it is hoped that students in the center will make greater progress in their study and make positive contributions to friendly cooperation between the two countries.
During discussions with Brunei’s Ministry of Education and the leadership of the University of Brunei, the Prime Minister highly evaluates the effectiveness of the two countries in educational cooperation, including cooperation between the FPT University and Brunei University, as well as the initiative to integrate the Vietnamese language into teaching courses.
Fanming's prime minister hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the size of the Vietnamese language class.
The Prime Minister of Vietnam also highly evaluates the positive effects of cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation in April 2014; suggests Brunei to continue to provide more scholarships and to carry out short-term training projects such as the Global Discovery Program, and the year of the Discovery Year.
The Prime Minister Van Ming has highly appreciated the establishment of the University of Brunei in Southeast Asia, and believes that the university has grown increasingly in the region and the world; further expansion of its partnership with higher education institutions in Vietnam.
With this opportunity, Prime Minister Van Ming and his wife have a souvenir tree in the Brunei University campus and have a message on the memorial book.
The Prime Minister of Fanming wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop continuously, to contribute increasingly to the cause of education in Brunei, and to carry out greater cooperation with various educational training institutions in Vietnam.
(completion)
Transit agency
Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Ming and couples have made official visits to Singapore and Brunei, and have achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results.
During the three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, the Prime Minister of Fanming participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements have been injected into a new impetus to promoting the strategic partnership between the two countries and the comprehensive partnership of the cross-country partnerships with a deeper, broader and effective direction.
During the visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Van Ming continues to reiterate the foreign routes of the Vietnamese Party and state, namely independence, diversification, diversity, preference to be good friends and reliable partners of all countries, as well as responsible members of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei are the needs of their respective countries, committed to improving the wellbeing of their respective countries, and committed to peace, stability and development of the region and the world.
At various conferences and meetings, Prime Minister Van Ming and Leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to constantly enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level delegation visits, effective bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many collaborative documents were signed during this visit.
Among these, the Memorandum of Understanding for Green and Digital Economic Partnerships signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening the Comprehensive Partnership between the 2023-2027 phase is two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore have signed a Memorandum of Understanding for Green and Digital Economic Partnerships.
Top-Tai-Taiwan
During meeting with the leadership of the enterprise, the Prime Minister of Fanming stressed that Vietnam welcomed and created favorable conditions for the expansion of investments in the fields of digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, and creative innovation in Vietnam.
The visit will not only help deepen cooperation with Singapore and Brunei in various traditional areas of politics, diplomatic, economic, security, defense, education, training, oil, tourism, civil exchanges, but also create a framework for new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation, urban and sustainable development.
King Hasannalboya and Prime Minister Van Minh are ready to enter bilateral talks.
Top-Tai-Taiwan
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Van Ming arranged time to visit and listen to the hearts and desires of the local Vietnamese community.
In a meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Van Ming has suggested that the two authorities have a lot of concern, and that the local Vietnamese community is fairly treated, with opportunities to contribute to local social forces and to foster a favorable condition for the relationship between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.
In particular, the Prime Minister of Fanming also shared the desire for an ASEAN community unity, peace, stability and prosperity with the leaders of the two countries; unanimously agreed to maintain solidarity with the ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in complex variations in regional and international situations.
Based on the important achievements achieved by the Prime Minister Van Ming and his official visits to Singapore and Brunei have made a positive contribution to the effective implementation of the 13th largest foreign routes to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbouring countries, effectively implementing the conclusions 12-KL/TW (12-KL/TW) of the CPC Central Political Bureau on the work of overseas Chinese in the new situation.
(completion)
What is Alas plus what is the " object" that has been hit by air?
The speculation is a foolish speculation
On Friday (February 10) afternoon, the US military again hit a unidentified object with the most advanced jet jet F-22, plus airflight in the United States.
The location of the strike is ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time the U.S. forces hit the airflight objects in less than a week.
On Saturday, a Chinese espionage balloon drifted several days later on a U.S. airspace near the coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon says the second staggered object entered the US airspace on Thursday night, tracked by the U.S. military at a height of 1.20,000 m (400,000 ft) above Alaska, compared to a small car, nearly as small as a Chinese espionage balloon that had been hit by a falling Chinese espionage balloon.
The Pentagon also believes there is no indication that this object is manipulative.
The White House National Security Council Strategic Communication Coordinator John Cobbie said on Friday that although the specific figure of this high-altitude flight is unclear, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aircraft.
The object is different from that espionage balloon found in the United States, which has no "effective load".
'We call it a 'body' as the best description we can make at the moment.
President Biden listened to the Pentagon's advice before he ordered the fall of the object, and he added that the decision was "very cautious" when he made the decision.
U. S. official description of this object can be attributed to the description of a car, a small car, no controlling rod, no hanging device, or a height of about 10,000 meters.
But these information cannot answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it is performing.
At present, many analysis and speculation on the Internet suggest that this could be a Chinese balloon.
It may come from China, like the espionage balloon invading the US airspace, and the Chinese balloon floating over Latin America, where they perform some sort of task at different locations.
Others have linked Alaska's " object" to "unidentified flying objects" (UFO).
The U.S. Newsweek report cited a tweet issued by former U.S. Representative Peter Meijer on Friday, saying, 'It is a sympathy balloon, not a legitimate UFO.
"The irony of alien spacecraft mixing with a balloon is surprising, but it does not deserve to trigger an interstellar conflict, " Messier said.
Maj issued the tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object was hit by Alaska.
Newsweek says it is suspicious that the object is UFO's more than one.
Tennessee Republican Tim Burchett criticized the government's coverage of intelligence last month, asking the National Intelligence Office (DNI) to publish reports on "unidentified flying objects".
